1) How is my order roasted, packaged, and shipped?
When is my coffee roasted? All coffee is roasted to order and our systems are set up so that coffee will be roasted and shipped on the next business day after the order is placed. For example, if an order is placed on Monday, our systems schedule that order to be roasted and shipped Tuesday; and, if an order is placed on Friday, it is scheduled to roast and ship the following Monday. On occasion because of roasting machine capacities and other external forces, your order may contain coffee not roasted the day it ships. We do not warehouse roasted coffee.
Do you ship whole bean or ground coffee? We only ship whole bean coffees because it helps maintain freshness, and we believe great coffees are at their best when brewed within 30 minutes of grinding.
What size bag does your coffee come in? All our coffees are shipped in 12 oz one-way valve bags for freshness, unless otherwise noted.
When will my order ship? Standard orders received by midnight, Eastern Standard Time, will be shipped the following business day. Standard orders received Friday–Sunday will be shipped the following Monday. On occasion, one of our delivery carriers may suspend their normal business operations. On such occasions, there may be a brief delay before your order ships.
Can I schedule a future order? We cannot offer order scheduling for standard orders.
2) What payment methods do you accept?
We currently accept Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover. Because of the card validation requirements of our site, internationally-issued credit and bank cards, excluding those issued in Canada, are not accepted. Please email retail@counterculturecoffee.com for help resolving a payment issue.

3) Can I get a refund?
Because we roast to order, the following rules apply:

We will refund the cost of up to two 12 oz. bags of a single selection per order.
To receive a refund, unused portions of coffees must be returned at the customer’s expense.
Shipping costs may not be refunded.
Refunds will be honored up to 30 days after roast date, but not afterward.
To request a return, please contact us at retail@counterculturecoffee.com, including your order number and which coffee(s) you would like to return and why.
What if I purchased at a coffee shop/grocery store/restaurant?
If you are unhappy with a coffee purchased somewhere other than our website, first contact the original vendor for a return or exchange. If no resolution is achieved, please contact us, and we will do our best to accommodate.

4) Where will you ship orders?
We ship coffees and wares throughout the United States and Canada. Shipping to Canada is handled through UPS, which will assess brokerage fees at the recipient’s expense and may incur additional charges.

5) What is Flat Rate Shipping?
Flat Rate shipping allows you to pay one flat fee for shipping regardless of the quantity of items you order. We will then determine the appropriate shipping method to use to deliver your coffee. The following restrictions do apply:

Flat Rate Shipping is not available for orders being shipped to Canada.
Please provide a physical mailing address if possible with Flat Rate Shipping orders.
If you receive packages at a PO Box, you must choose flat rate shipping.
Orders shipped under the Flat Rate Shipping offer will be shipped via USPS Priority Mail, UPS Ground, or comparable service—without explicit or implied guaranteed transit time—within the United States and to APO/DPO addresses at our discretion and does not apply to expedited shipping options.
Flat Rate Shipping orders of 4 or fewer 12 oz. bags generally ship—without explicit or implied guaranteed transit time—via USPS Priority Mail or comparable service, while larger orders generally ship via UPS Ground.
On Federal Holidays, when the USPS is closed but Counter Culture Coffee is operating, Flat Rate Shipping packages will be roasted and prepared as normal but will be held and shipped the following business day.
Please check your shipping information for errors if your order is eligible for our Flat Rate Shipping offer and this option is unavailable during checkout.
6) What happens if my package is never delivered or is returned to you?
If your package has gone missing or has been returned to us, please contact us and we will do our best to resolve the issue in the most appropriate manner possible. We have no way of know about these issues unless we are notified and we are more than willing to work toward a mutually beneficial solution when these errors occur.If you have a question that is not answered in this section, please email retail@counterculturecoffee.com or check out the Contact Us page for more information.

TOP
Subscription FAQ
What is Coffee Subscription?
How do I create a Coffee Subscription?
What will happen after I create a Coffee Subscription?
How do I make changes to my Coffee Subscription deliveries?
How do I make changes to my Coffee Subscription account information?
1) What is a Coffee Subscription?
A Coffee Subscription is the most convenient way to enjoy freshly-roasted Counter Culture Coffee. We automatically send you a fresh batch of your favorite coffee based upon your chosen frequency. The program is easy to use and customizable, and you can make changes online whenever you need. Just tell us how often you want your coffee, and we’ll take it from there. Each subscription order receives 10% off and low-cost Flat Rate Shipping of $3.You always have complete control over your Coffee Subscription orders, and we send an email reminder 10 days before each order ships. You can change your delivery frequency, next order date, or quantity anytime by visiting ‘My Subscriptions’ located within the My Account section of counterculturecoffee.com. Changes and cancellations can be made any time before the next scheduled shipment date.Please note, recurring subscriptions are not able to be shipped to Canada at this time. We apologize for any inconvenience.

2) How do I create a Coffee Subscription?
Making a Coffee Subscription is easy; it can be done while browsing on a subscription-eligible product’s page, on the Subscriptions category page, or while reviewing items in the shopping cart. To subscribe, simply select the Coffee Subscription option for your desired subscription-eligible coffee, your desired quantity of bags per shipment, and select your preferred shipment frequency, then check out as normal.

3) What will happen after I create a Coffee Subscription?
After you join the Counter Culture Coffee Subscription program, you will receive an email confirming your subscription. This email will include a link to access ‘My Counter Culture Coffee Subscriptions’ where you can manage your future orders, Coffee Subscription items, and Coffee Subscription account information. We will place your Coffee Subscription orders automatically according to your selected frequency, and you will only be billed on the day the order is shipped. Prior to each Coffee Subscription order, we will send you an email reminder. You will also receive email notifications regarding other important information related to your Coffee Subscription account, such as cancellation of your subscription or confirmation when an order is placed successfully.

4) How do I make changes to my Coffee Subscription deliveries?
If you have any other questions, please call (888) 238-5282 x2, (919) 361-5282 x2, or email retail@counterculturecoffee.com.

How do I apply for a barista or shift supervisor position in US & Canada?

How do I apply for a barista or shift supervisor position in US & Canada? Click here to apply.

How old do I have to be to work at Starbucks?

To work for Starbucks you must be at least 16 years old in Canada.

How do I pursue a career at the Starbucks Support Center, Regional Offices, Roasting Plants, or Retail Management in US & Canada?

Please find the position(s) of interest at our Career Center. The application process will allow you to upload your resume. You will then be asked to answer a few questions to help us assess your skills, knowledge and qualifications.

How can I apply for multiple positions at Starbucks?

For barista and shift supervisor, you can apply for both positions to a maximum of five store locations for each position. While we continually accept applications for positions in our retail stores, some locations may not currently have openings. Your application will be active for 60 days.

For all other positions, you may apply to as many that are of interest to you. You are required to apply for each position separately.

How can I apply to multiple Starbucks store locations?

For barista and shift supervisor roles, when applying you are asked to select a store location, which identifies your preferred store of interest.  You can then select up to 4 additional preferred locations.  The store locations you select will have exclusive visibility to your application for 7 days.  After 7 days your application will be available for consideration at any store within 40km of your preferred store selections.

How will I be notified if a retail position becomes available in my area?

A member of our retail team will contact you if a position becomes available in your preferred area where you're a good match.  To learn more about the latest career opportunities, follow us on twitter.

What should I do if I don’t see a particular position for which I’m interested?

Visit the Career Center regularly for updated job postings or follow us on twitter.

How long is my application active in your database?

For barista and shift supervisor positions, your application will remain active for 60 days.

For all other positions your application will remain active for 12 months.

How Do I update information in my application?

For barista and shift supervisor positions you must re-apply to submit an updated application.

For all other positions you can access your profile and make changes as needed and your information will update immediately.

What do I do if I forgot my password?

When applying online for barista and shift supervisor positions click here for US and click here for Canada to receive additional information.

For all other positions, click “Forgot Password” on the login screen and we’ll email you the instructions.

How do I pursue a career at Starbucks outside the US & Canada?

We occasionally have positions abroad and we offer them first to existing partners (employees). We seek people with first-hand knowledge of local culture and customs.

All applicants must obtain legal documentation of eligibility to work in a destination country by working with the applicable country’s embassy or website. We rarely sponsor people for visas.

Please visit the International page on the Career Center to learn more about opportunities in other countries.

Internships FAQs

Does Starbucks offer internships?

Currently Starbucks does not offer internships within Canada. Students should check with their career services centers to see if Starbucks is actively recruiting on their campus.

What’s the best way to store coffee? How long will it stay fresh?

Once roasted, coffee begins to lose its flavour the longer it is exposed to air and moisture. We recommend buying your coffee weekly, storing it in an airtight container in a cool, dark place and grinding it just before brewing. Coffee in an unopened FlavourLock™ bag will stay fresh for several months.

What is a FlavourLock™ bag?

Our unique FlavourLock™ technology uses a special one-way valve that allows the carbon dioxide released by freshly roasted coffee beans to escape a sealed coffee bag without allowing flavour-robbing oxygen to get in. All Starbucks coffee sold in half-pound and one-pound bags is sealed in our airtight FlavourLock™ bags within two hours of roasting so that it stays fresh until you’re ready to use it.

What kind of grind should I use?

For the freshest tasting coffee, we continue to recommend starting with whole beans and grinding them fresh for each pot. Or, if you prefer, you can take your whole bean coffee to your local retail store and ask them for a custom grind.

Drip makers perform best with either universal grind that is available in pre-ground coffees or with a grind specifically for a flat bottom or cone type filter. All Starbucks stores can grind coffee to this specification. Espresso machines are grind-sensitive and require a very fine grind, 30-35 seconds in a blade grinder. Slow and fast shots are often caused by a grind that is too fine or too coarse, frozen or refrigerated espresso beans and tamping coffee too hard or not firmly enough.

Coffee in Grocery Stores FAQs

Is Starbucks coffee available in grocery stores in my area?

Starbucks coffee is currently available in many major grocery stores nationally as well as a number of club stores and mass merchandisers.

Is the Starbucks coffee sold in grocery stores of the same quality as the coffee at your retail locations?

Starbucks prides itself on maintaining the same high-quality standards for whole bean and ground coffees sold in grocery stores as we do for the coffee in all our retail locations. We start with the same beans, roasted to perfection with stringent quality checks at each stage in the production process. To ensure quality freshness, check the “best by” date printed on the back of the bag.

What is universal grind?

Starbucks coffee in grocery stores is available in whole bean or ground with a universal grind. Starbucks developed universal grind to deliver optimal flavour and maximize convenience. It’s perfect for all electric drip coffee makers and also works well in coffee presses. Universal grind is the same grind used to brew the drip coffee in Starbucks retail stores.

How can I sell Starbucks whole bean coffee at my grocery store?

For information about offering Starbucks whole bean coffee in your grocery store, please call 1-888-447-5282.

What is the myStarbucks iPhone Application?

myStarbucks is an application that allows you to search for nearby Starbucks, explore our whole bean coffees, find nutrition information, and build your own perfect drink on your iPhone or iPod Touch.

How and where can I get the myStarbucks Application?

You can download the app from the iTunes Application Store.

What do I do if I have trouble downloading the application?

Make sure you are using an iPod Touch or iPhone, and are using 3.0 software. If you are still having trouble, please click here.

If I have questions or need help finding a store, where can I learn more?

You can check out our Store Finder for more help.

If I have questions about the coffee section of the application, where can I learn more?

Look at the Coffee section of our website for more information.

If I have questions about the food section of this application, where can I learn more?

You may be able to find the answers to your questions in the Food section of our website.

If I have questions about drinks and beverages, where can I learn more?

To find out more about Starbucks beverages, please visit the Drinks section of our website.

What if I have an idea for this app?

Please go to mystarbucksidea.com.

What is in myStarbucks?

Store Locator: Displays the closest stores, directions, store hours and amenities—find stores with a drive through, oven warmed food, and more!
Drink Builder: Create and share your perfect Starbucks beverage
Food Menu: Browse the menu and see detailed nutritional info and ingredients
Coffee Menu: Explore every Starbucks whole bean coffee
myStarbucks: Save all of your favorites for quick recall and sharing
Are the hours accurate?

We make every effort to make sure the store hours are accurate. Although rare, there are times when stores change hours unexpectedly. Also, you should know that store lobby hours may differ from drive-thru hours.

Why doesn’t my store doesn’t show up on the map?

If your store is outside the range shown on the map, you may need to search by city or zip code closer to the store’s location.

What does the filter do?

The filter allows you to find stores that are “open now” or that have a “drive thru” and provides you a better way to find your perfect store.

How do I invite a friend to a store?

To invite a friend, find a store that you want to meet at. When you go to that store’s Detail Page, press the “Invite a Friend” button and select the friend from your contact list. You can add a new contact if necessary. Then select the method you’d like to use. You can send your meeting request via email or text, or call them directly.

I changed my drink, but the nutrition didn’t change. Why?

Nutrition info is calculated for many, but not all, variations and customizations. Certain selections may not be reflected in the nutrition data.Why isn’t my drink listed?We make available all currently offered drinks. There may be some drinks that are no longer regularly available, but you should ask your barista.

Why can I create drinks that aren’t available in the store?

Drink Builder includes all drinks that you can order, including seasonal beverages. These seasonal beverages are typically only available for a limited time.

What does “Limited Regional Availability” mean?

Some items are only in specific parts of the United States.

Why isn’t my favorite food in my store?

Although we make every effort to have what you want on hand, all stores don’t carry every food item.

Why can’t I find a particular coffee at my Starbucks or in my grocery store?

The application lists all coffees currently available in Starbucks stores. A particular store may be out of a coffee though, and some coffees may not be available through grocery stores.

Starbucks Card Mobile for iPhone App FAQs

These FAQs are for questions specific to the iPhone App. If you have questions about your Starbucks Card, please click here. If you have questions about the My Starbucks Rewards program, please click here .

What if someone gets my phone? How do I protect my information?

To protect the balance on your Starbucks Card, set up a Starbucks Card Account via your device or at starbucks.com/card. This way if you lose your phone, you can report your lost Starbucks Card using the procedure for Lost Cards and you'll receive full balance protection. Treat Starbucks Card Mobile much like you would your other credit and debit cards – if you notice any suspicious activity on your account please notify Starbucks customer service at 1-800-STARBUC (782-7282).

What should I do if I change my device and want to move my Starbucks Card Mobile to my new one?

First, install the Starbucks Card Mobile application onto your new device. Next, sign in with your Starbucks username and password to add your cards to your new device. If you do not have a Starbucks account, you will need to reenter the Starbucks Card number and Card Security Code found on the back of your plastic card in order to add it to your new device. Once you set up your new device, we will automatically disable your cards from your old device.

How do I re-enable “Touch to Pay” after updating or reinstalling my Starbucks Card Mobile app?

When you update or reinstall the Starbucks Card Mobile, the “Touch to Pay” button will not immediately appear until you enable payments within the “Payments” tab. All you have to do to re-enable “Touch to Pay” is go to the “Payments” tab, click “Try it” and turn on the enable payments setting. “Touch to Pay” will immediately appear on the “My Cards” screen.

What if I have multiple devices?

For those of you that have more than one device, lucky you! To protect your Starbucks Card, this application is designed to be active on one device at a time. The last device you logged into is your active device. This ensures that your card cannot be active on multiple devices and used without your permission. To switch active devices, just log into the device you wish to use.

Where is my credit card information stored?

Your credit card information is never stored on your mobile device. Your credit card information can be stored in your Starbucks Card account if you choose to do so. Storing your credit card information in your Starbucks Card account is a convenient way to reload your card so that you don’t have to re-enter your credit card each time. For added security, you will be asked to enter your username/password each time you wish to authorize a reload. This way, even if you lose your phone, no one can authorize a reload of your card without your Starbucks Card account username and password.

Can I secure my Starbucks Mobile Card(s) with a passcode?

Yes, for even more security, you could choose to secure your Starbucks Card Mobile application with a passcode by going to Settings > Passcode. If you set up a passcode, you will need to enter your passcode each time you open the application. If you lose or forget your passcode, you will need to report your Starbucks Card as lost and reinstall the Starbucks Mobile Card application.

Can I reload my Starbucks Card on my phone?

Reload your Starbucks Card Mobile directly from your device by going to the My Cards screen, touching the balance and then selecting “Reload Card” from the menu.

Once I have signed up for auto-reload, when can I expect reloads to occur?

Your reload will occur the day after your balance dips to or below the minimum amount you specified. For example, if you chose $10 as your minimum balance, and your balance drops to or below that amount at 10:00 a.m. on Monday, your Card will not be reloaded until Tuesday. At this time, amount-based reloads take place once a day, usually by close of business Pacific Time.

Can I manage my Starbucks Card account on my phone?

You can perform common functions on your device or go to starbucks.com/card for the full suite of account management features.”

Do My Starbucks Rewards benefits still apply?

Yes, all your Starbucks Card Rewards benefits apply when paying with your phone. All you have to do is register your Starbucks Card and use Starbucks Card Mobile to pay and you will earn one Star every time you use it. For details on our rewards program, please visit starbucks.com/rewards.

What do I do if my Stars are not appearing on the “My Rewards” screen in my Starbucks Card Mobile app?

If you can’t see you’re Stars, try logging in to refresh your balance.  Simply touch the My Rewards button and tap the refresh button located under the coffee cup image.  This will prompt you for your Starbucks.com password, and will then update your balance.

Can I still use Mobile Payment if I don't have a network connection?

Yes, your barcode is stored locally on the phone and will be available when you open the application. However, you won't be able to update your Starbucks Card balance until your network connection is restored.

What do I do if the scanner isn't working and I need to pay with my Starbuck Card Mobile?

First, make sure that the brightness setting on your device is at a high level. If the scanner still cannot read your barcode, simply read your Starbucks Card number to the barista. Your Starbucks Card number can be found right below the barcode.

How do I get my new balance after I pay with my phone?

Your balance will automatically update when you hit the “Touch When Done” button. Additionally, you can refresh your balance any time by going to the My Cards screen, touching the balance and then selecting “Refresh Balance” from the menu.

Starbucks for Android FAQs

These FAQs are for questions specific to the Android App. If you have questions about your Starbucks Card, please click here. If you have questions about the My Starbucks Rewards program, please click here.

How do I sync Starbucks Canada for Android™ with my Starbucks Card account?

To sync your Starbucks Card account with your Starbucks Canada application, launch the menu and tap the more button. Tap Starbucks Card Account in the more menu and simply sign into your account. Once you have logged in your account will sync automatically with your device over the air.

What if someone gets my phone? How do I protect my information?

To protect the balance on your Starbucks Card, set up a Starbucks Card Account via your device or at starbucks.ca/card. This way if you lose your phone, you can report your lost Starbucks Card using the procedure for Lost Cards and you'll receive full balance protection. Treat Starbucks Card Mobile much like you would your other credit and debit cards – if you notice any suspicious activity on your account please notify Starbucks customer service at 1-800-STARBUC (782-7282).

What should I do if I change my device and want to move my Starbucks Canada app to my new one?

First, install the Starbucks Canada application onto your new device. Next, sign in with your Starbucks username and password to add your cards to your new device. If you do not have a Starbucks account, you will need to reenter the Starbucks Card number and Card Security Code found on the back of your plastic card in order to add it to your new device. Once you set up your new device, we will automatically disable your cards from your old device.

What if I have multiple devices?

For those of you that have more than one device, lucky you! To protect your Starbucks Card, this application is designed to be active on one device at a time. The last device you logged into is your active device. This ensures that your card cannot be active on multiple devices and used without your permission. To switch active devices, just log into the device you wish to use.

Where is my credit card information stored?

Your credit card information is never stored on your mobile device. Your credit card information can be stored in your Starbucks Card account if you choose to do so. Storing your credit card information in your Starbucks Card account is a convenient way to reload your card so that you don’t have to re-enter your credit card each time. For added security, you will be asked to enter your username/password each time you wish to authorize a reload. This way, even if you lose your phone, no one can authorize a reload of your card without your Starbucks Card account username and password.

Can I reload my Starbucks Card on my phone?

Reload your Starbucks Card directly from your device by going to the My Cards screen, touching the balance and then selecting “Reload Card” from the menu.

Once I have signed up for auto-reload, when can I expect reloads to occur?

Your reload will occur the day after your balance dips to or below the minimum amount you specified. For example, if you chose $10 as your minimum balance, and your balance drops to or below that amount at 10:00 a.m. on Monday, your Card will not be reloaded until Tuesday. At this time, amount-based reloads take place once a day, usually by close of business Pacific Time.

Can I manage my Starbucks Card account on my phone?

You can perform common functions on your device or go to starbucks.com/card for the full suite of account management features.

Do My Starbucks Rewards benefits still apply?

Yes, all your Starbucks Card Rewards benefits apply when paying with your phone. All you have to do is register your Starbucks Card and use Starbucks Card Mobile to pay and you will earn one Star every time you use it. For details on our rewards program, please visit starbucks.com/rewards.

What do I do if my Stars are not appearing on the “My Rewards” screen in my Starbucks app?

If you can’t see you’re Stars, try logging in to refresh your balance. Simply touch the My Rewards button and tap the refresh button located under the coffee cup image. This will prompt you for your Starbucks.com password, and will then update your balance.

Can I still use Mobile Payment if I don't have a network connection?

Yes, your barcode is stored locally on the phone and will be available when you open the application. However, you won't be able to update your Starbucks Card balance until your network connection is restored.

What do I do if the scanner isn't working and I need to pay with my Starbuck Canada for Android™?

First, make sure that the brightness setting on your device is at a high level. If the scanner still cannot read your barcode, simply read your Starbucks Card number to the barista. Your Starbucks Card number can be found right below the barcode.

How do I get my new balance after I pay with my phone?

Your balance will automatically update when you hit the “Touch When Done” button. Additionally, you can refresh your balance any time by going to the My Cards screen, touching the balance and then selecting “Refresh Balance” from the menu.

Store Locator FAQs

How can I find a Starbucks retail store or airport location?

Our Store Locator makes it easy to find Starbucks locations, including address information and maps. The locator includes listings for our retail stores, as well as our airport locations.

Stores FAQs

How can I make a comment about the service I received at a Starbucks store?

We always welcome your feedback about our service – whether you found it friendly and helpful, or whether it fell short of your expectations. Please Contact Us with your comments and we’ll respond as soon as possible.

How can I request that a Starbucks store open in my neighborhood?

Contact us to let us know of your interest in a new Starbucks store for your community.

Where can I find the furniture and design elements found in Starbucks stores?

Sorry, we’re under legal obligation not to give out information about our vendors or manufacturers to the general public. If you’re interested in finding specific design elements, we suggest seeking out retailers and design centers that showcase new and innovative design work.

MyStarbucks Idea FAQs

What is My Starbucks Idea?

We know you’ve got ideas for us – big ideas, little ideas, maybe even totally revolutionary ideas – and we want to hear them all. That’s why we created My Starbucks Idea. So you can share the ideas that matter to you and you can find out how we’re putting those ideas to work.

What can I do on the site?

Any visitor can look at the ideas that have been posted and read our “Ideas in Action” blog. If you sign up to be a registered member of the site (and accept our Terms and Conditions), you can also submit your own ideas, vote and comment on ideas submitted by other people.

Is this where I can ask a question?

My Starbucks Idea is an online community dedicated to sharing and discussing ideas and allowing you to see how Starbucks is putting top ideas into action. If you’d like to ask a question or make a comment specific to your experience with Starbucks, please visit the Contact Us section of Starbucks.com.

What happens to my idea after I submit it?

We’ve got a dedicated team of “Idea Partners” – Starbucks employees who are experts in their respective fields – who will read all ideas and comments. They’ll take a combination of the most popular and most innovative ideas that are the best fit for Starbucks and present them to key decision makers within the company to recommend how we put those ideas to work.

How will you decide which ideas to move forward with?

Everyone helps decide by voting. Ideas posted to the “Popular Ideas” section of the website (determined by using an algorithm based on number of points, number of comments and recency of post) will be considered, but our Idea Partners may also choose ideas simply because they think they’re promising.

How does the voting work?

If you’re a registered member, you can vote on each idea once by simply clicking on the “vote” icon to the left of the idea. Each vote is worth 10 points and you can see an idea’s score (number of points) beneath the “vote” icon.

Will you respond to every idea that gets posted?

We’d like to, but we can’t due to sheer volume. What we will do is keep you posted via our “Ideas in Action” blog. We’ll tell you about the ideas that we’re recommending for implementation and keep you up-to-date on the status of those projects – whether they’re running smoothly or running into road blocks.

What do the different choices in “View All Ideas” mean?

Most Popular: This ranking is determined by an algorithm based on number of points, number of comments and recency of post.
Top All-Time: A ranking of the top ideas based on point value alone.
Recent: Most recently posted ideas.
Comments: Ideas with the greatest number of recent comments.
If you implement my idea will I get credit?

If we implement your idea, we may give you credit on the site, but we won’t be compensating customers if their ideas are chosen. To learn more about this, please take a look at our Terms and Conditions.

Who are the Starbucks Idea Partners and how did you choose them?

The Starbucks Idea Partners are Starbucks employees who’ve been chosen because of their level of expertise in specific areas. We’ve got a team of more than 40 Idea Partners – whose specialties range from coffee to entertainment to community programs – ready to hear your ideas.

What about my privacy?

When you register to use the site, you create a screen name and that will be your “name” when you post ideas and comments. Keep in mind that your ideas will be posted on the site and can be viewed by any visitor. Read our Privacy Policy to learn more.

Are there any rules for using the site?

The site is an open forum for ideas and discussion. That said, we will not allow profanity or other inappropriate conduct. Posts that are inappropriate will be removed from the site and users that repeatedly post inappropriate conduct will be asked not to post at all. For more specifics on the rules, read our Terms and Conditions. To report an offensive posting, click here.


Where can I learn more about Corporate Social Responsibility?

At Starbucks, our commitment to ethical sourcing, environmental stewardship, and community involvement is core to our way of doing business. Please visit the Starbucks Responsibility page on this site to learn more.

How does my organization receive a donation from Starbucks?

At this time, Starbucks is not seeking opportunities for national or local partnerships or sponsorships. In addition, we are not accepting product or in-kind requests. We continue to remain focused on funding communities through grants from The Starbucks Foundation programs and our stores local involvement in their communities.

Does my organization qualify for a grant?

The Starbucks Foundation has three main focus areas which include:

Supporting our retail communities through the Starbucks Shared Planet Youth Action grants.

The Starbucks Foundation provides grants to our retail communities though the Starbucks Shared Planet Youth Action Grants. We believe in the power of young people to change the world for the better. To us, young people are not problems to be solved, but potential problem solvers and we want to support them as agents of positive change in our society. The Starbucks Shared Planet Youth Action Grants are dedicated to supporting young people to make change and to communicate their inspiring stories. Visit the Starbucks Shared Planet Youth Action Grants website to learn more.
Collaborating on projects that support social investments in coffee-, tea- and cocoa-producing communities.

Starbucks supports sustainable programs that meet these communities’ specific needs. Projects have included improving access to education and agricultural training, microfinance and microcredit services, improving biodiversity conservation, and increasing levels of health, nutrition and water sanitation.
Helping children around the world get clean water and raising awareness of the world water crisis through Ethos™ Water.

Starbucks acquired Ethos™ Water in 2005. For every bottle of Ethos™ Water sold, 5¢ (in the U.S. - 10¢ in Canada) is directed to the Ethos Water Fund to help finance sustainable water programs around the world.
How does my organization share their information with The Starbucks Foundation?

The Starbucks Foundation only accepts Letters of Inquiry for the Starbucks Shared Planet Youth Action Grants. We encourage organizations to share their organization’s information with us through the Starbucks Shared Planet Youth Action Grants webpage. At this time, we are not accepting applications for our other Starbucks Foundation focus areas.


How can I make a comment about the service I received at a Starbucks store?

We always welcome your feedback about our service – whether you found it friendly and helpful, or whether it fell short of your expectations. Please Contact Us with your comments and we’ll respond as soon as possible.

How can I request that a Starbucks store open in my neighbourhood?

Contact us to let us know of your interest in a new Starbucks store for your community.

How can I report a technical problem with Starbucks.ca?

If you’re having trouble using our website, please send us email through the Contact Us area of the site. Provide as much information as you can about the circumstances under which you experienced the problem, as this will help us research and respond to your problem.

How can my business serve Starbucks coffee and products?

Starbucks offers a variety of programs customized to meet the needs of various foodservice venues, such as cafes. For information and to submit a profile, please refer to our Foodservice section or you may contact the Starbucks Business Alliances Group at 1-800-344-1575.

Franchise FAQs

Does Starbucks franchise?

Starbucks does not franchise operations and has no plans to franchise in the foreseeable future. However our Seattle’s Best Coffee brand does offer franchise opportunities to qualified and select applicants, using a predefined set of criteria and focusing on multi-unit franchisees with a proven track record of success. For more information, visit seattlesbestfranchise.com.

Property-Related FAQs

Updated August 2010

Reminder to all landlords: All invoices and notices are to be sent in hard copy to the Notice Address pursuant to the Lease. Financial Lease Administration hotline, 206-318-4440 or contact us via email at FinancialLeaseAdmi@starbucks.com for other inquiries.

As a Starbucks landlord we’re sure you have questions for us regarding the ongoing aspects of your Lease with Starbucks. To make getting information simple and easy, we’ve put together a list of frequently asked questions—and the answers you’re looking for. These answers apply specifically to our U.S. and Canadian stores only.

Who is my contact if I own a property that Starbucks may be interested in leasing?

Our store development team may be interested in your property. Just phone the store development director in your area— check the regional map to determine which regional office manages the geographic area of your property.

What is the legal Notice Address for Starbucks?

As stated in your lease, any demand, notice or declaration should be in writing and delivered in one of three ways:

Via certified U.S. mail to the following address:

Starbucks Corporation
Attn: Financial Lease Administration (formerly Property Management)
Re: Starbucks Coffee Company Store # ________
Mailstop S-RE3
PO Box 34067
Seattle, WA 98124-1067 USA
Via nationally recognized overnight express mail (e.g., FedEx or UPS) to the following address:

Starbucks Corporation
Attn: Financial Lease Administration (formerly Property Management)
Re: Starbucks Coffee Company Store # ________
Mailstop S-RE3
2401 Utah Avenue South, Suite 800
Seattle, WA 98134 USA
In person at Starbucks corporate offices:

2401 Utah Avenue South, Suite 800
Seattle, WA 98134 USA
A copy of any default notice should also be sent to the Starbucks Law & Corporate Affairs Department at the same address, Mailstop S-LA1.

Starbucks is about to open a new store on my property. When will I get my first rent check and what do I need to do?

Especially if yours is a new construction site, you might have signed your lease with Starbucks well before your property was ready for leasehold improvements. Starbucks process is to send a “date letter” confirming important dates and information such as possession date and rent commencement date, square footage, and to make sure any contingencies such as site development minimums have been satisfied.

We’ll send this letter to your legal notice address as noted in the lease approximately 2-4 weeks after the store has opened. Once you have confirmed all of the date-letter information is accurate and have returned a signed copy to us along with a completed W-9, we’ll issue the first rent check.

The IRS requires Starbucks to collect the form from you to gather your Tax Identification Numbers (TINs). If you refuse to provide your TIN, you may be subject to various IRS penalties and fines. Your completed W-9 can be submitted any time after the lease is signed; this will help expedite issuance of the first rent check.

Please note: We cannot process payment without a completed W-9 on file for landlords of U.S. properties. Canadian properties are exempt from this requirement.

How should I identify my property to Starbucks in correspondence?

Starbucks has thousands of stores — and you’d be surprised how similar street names and city names are across North America. For this reason, we use store number and state to differentiate stores. The “date letter” you receive from us will indicate the store number we have assigned to the property, along with a short name—Store 301, Pike Place Market, WA—for example. Your lease may also have the store number in the notice address section if the store number was assigned prior to lease execution. Store number references can also be found on most Starbucks communications to landlords, including rent checks, estoppel certificates and legal notices we send once the store has opened. Using the store number and name in all correspondence with us will help ensure that your property is properly identified.

Starbucks has finished construction of leasehold improvements to its new store on my property. Where do I send the tenant improvement allowance check?

Please send the check to the following lockbox address and include the store number in the upper left hand corner of the check:

For U.S. checks, please mail to:
U.S. Bank Lockbox # 84348
Starbucks Coffee Company
P.O. Box 84348
Seattle, WA 98124-5648
Or for Canadian checks, please mail to:
U.S. Bank Lockbox #84263
Starbucks Coffee Company
CAD Lockbox #84263
Seattle, WA 98124-5563
The U.S. and Canadian Lockbox does not accept overnight mail.

My insurance company requires an insurance certificate or a Memorandum of Insurance (MOI) for all of my tenants. How do I get one from Starbucks?

You can view—and print— Starbucks MOI online. You will be asked to accept the terms and conditions of access before proceeding.

How do I request a copy of the utility or trash invoice template so that I may bill Starbucks for a utility/trash bill reimbursement?

Utility template
Trash template
How do I request a copy of the annual expense reconciliation template and instructions?

Reconciliation template
Reconciliation template example
Reconciliation instructions
How do I request a copy of the annual expense budget template?

Budget template
How do I request a copy of the latest Financial Lease Administration mailer?

FLA mailer
I’m refinancing or selling my property, and need an estoppel certificate and/or a Subordination and Non-Disturbance Agreement (SNDA). How do I request these documents?

Please send your request to the legal Notice Address in your lease via certified mail or overnight delivery. Be sure to include the store number in your request. Unfortunately, we do not accept estoppel requests over phone or fax; they must be mailed to the legal Notice Address.

Your estoppel/SNDA request will be processed within the time period identified in your lease, and we prioritize estoppel/SNDA processing based on the turnaround time required by the lease and our workload.

If you have included a fax number in your cover letter, you will receive a fax confirming receipt of your request and the anticipated return date for your documents. You may also inquire on the status of your estoppel/SNDA request by calling the Starbucks Estoppel Hotline at (206) 318-4440.

I recently purchased or just sold a property in which Starbucks is a tenant. How do I change the payee and rent payment address on the rent check?

To protect the interests of current landlords and Starbucks, we require legal notice of a change in ownership. The easiest way to do this is for the selling party to inform us of the change in a letter sent to the legal Notice Address in the lease. Once we receive the legal notice, we will confirm the contact information and request a W-9 from the new property owner.

If you have acquired a property with Starbucks tenancy and the previous landlord has failed to notify Starbucks of the change in ownership, you will need to provide legal documents as proof of ownership—such as a deed or notarized statement from the escrow agent. These documents should also be sent to Starbucks legal Notice Address.

Where do I send my year end CAM statement for Starbucks, and how long will it take to get my reconciliation check?

Please send the CAM statement to Starbucks legal Notice Address. You should receive a response to your reconciliation statement within the prescribed time per the terms of the lease—usually 60 days from our receipt date. We will either mail you a check for the outstanding amount or notify you of exceptions/information required for resolution. For inquiries on late reconciliations, please call (206) 318-4440 or email FinancialLeaseAdmi@starbucks.com.

Does Starbucks pay landlords via EFT (Electronic Funds Transfer or direct deposit)?

Starbucks Coffee Company preferred method of payment is EFT (also known as direct deposit or electronic funds transfer). EFT payments are similar to direct deposit that employers use to pay their employees.  In place of receiving a paper check, an electronic deposit will be made into a bank account you designate.  Some benefits of EFT include:

Advance notification of any funds being deposited into your account (sent via electronic remittance advice which includes the details of payment)
Funds are immediately available at the time of deposit
Ability to automate your accounts receivable posting depending on remittance method
If you are not already receiving your payments via EFT please fill out the EFT form and send to Starbucks via one of the following options below:

Fax: 206-913-6258

Email: disbursements@starbucks.com

Mail:

Starbucks Coffee Company
PO Box 34067 MS: S-AC3
Seattle, WA 98124-1067

If you have any questions please feel free to email disbursements@starbucks.com.

How do I get an emergency contact phone number/email address for Starbucks?

In all cases, our Facilities Call Center (FCC) is always the first place to start. For emergencies that affect the physical condition of the store (such as flooding or fire), the FCC is available to take your call 24 hours a day, and will connect you with the appropriate operations person.

If the situation is less urgent or is related to leasing or financial issues, call or email the FCC during business hours (9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific Time). You’ll be put in contact with the right Starbucks partner.

FCC phone: 1-877-SBUX-FIX or 1-877-728-9349
FCC email:fservice@starbucks.com
How do I begin discussions on renewing or amending a lease?

Most Starbucks leases have a notice date that sets parameters around when the tenant can formally notify the landlord of intention to renew the lease or let it expire. If there is an external event that would cause you to begin this process sooner, phone the store development director in the regional office corresponding to the address of the property. Check the regional map to determine which regional office your store development director is based.

How should I respond to a default notice from Starbucks?

Please respond in writing to Starbucks legal Notice Address.

I received a call, email or letter regarding a physical issue—a roof leak, plumbing problem, snow removal request, etc., at the store. How should I respond?

Please call or email the Facilities Contact Center (FCC) and you’ll be connected with the right Starbucks partner to discuss the issue. If you are entitled to reimbursement from Starbucks for a specific repair, please WAIT to begin work on repairs until you have received a work order number from Starbucks for the issue. This will protect any reimbursement rights that you may be entitled to according to the lease. We cannot take financial responsibility for repairs or replacement of items that have not been agreed to prior to work beginning.

FCC phone: 1-877-SBUX-FIX or 1-877-728-9349
FCC email: fservice@starbucks.com
Who is my contact at Starbucks about an issue in the store—business practices, hours or operation, property maintenance, etc.?

Please call or email the Facilities Contact Center (FCC) and you’ll be connected with the right Starbucks partner to discuss your issue.

FCC phone: 1-877-SBUX-FIX or 1-877-728-9349
FCC email: fservice@starbucks.com
I’ve changed my address, property manager or emergency contact information. How do I provide updated information to Starbucks?

Please notify us in writing by sending the updated information to Starbucks legal Notice Address.

Where can I find nutritional information on Starbucks retail products?

You can find out what goes into our beverages and fresh food items in our Nutrition section. If you don’t find what you’re looking for there, click on our Customer Service page or give us a call at 1-800-23LATTE (235-2883). We’d be happy to answer any questions you have.

Why has the calorie count changed on many of your beverages?

The information on this website and our “Nutrition by the Cup” brochure is now based on what customers are actually served. Previously, nutritional information, including calories, was derived by adding up the documented totals of different ingredients – which didn’t take into account the variations that can occur as a result of individually handcrafting our beverages. The revised information is the result of a rigorous process of testing beverages made to our in-store guidelines – which actually gives more accurate results for what is in an average cup.

Why do I need to enter my location to get nutritional information for food?

Most of our markets are serviced by local bakeries to assure the freshest product. Telling us your state or province helps us provide the most accurate information for food offerings at your local Starbucks.

Why would I choose the Frappuccino® Light blended beverage over the original Frappuccino®?

Though not entirely sugar-free, the beverage base for the Frappuccino® Light blended beverage is lower in sugar, fat and calories than the original Frappuccino® formula.

How can I make my drink lower in fat?

Request your beverage be made with nonfat milk and ask the barista to hold the whipped cream.

How do I reduce sugar in my beverage?

Use a sugar substitute like Splenda®. If your beverage contains syrup, opt for one of our sugar-free syrups: vanilla, hazelnut or cinnamon dolce. Or if you’re having one of our standard syrups, you can always ask for a little less.

Allergen and Kosher FAQs

Where can I find allergen information?

Allergen information is currently unavailable online for our beverage selections.  We are actively working to bring that information to you.  If you have an allergen concern, please feel free to ask our baristas to check the ingredient labels or click on our Customer Service page. We cannot guarantee that any of our beverages are allergen free because we use shared equipment and handle allergens throughout the store.

Are your beverages kosher?

No – although most of our beverage components are certified kosher. Since we cannot prepare kosher beverages in our stores, we have not made a concerted effort to have all of our beverages ingredients certified.

What are the sizes of Starbucks drinks?

The drink sizes we offer are Short, Tall, Grande and Venti.

Short	236 mL
Tall	354 mL
Grande	473 mL
Venti Hot	591 mL
Venti Cold	709 mL


How can I update my registered information?

To update your registered account information at any time, go to Your Account and sign in with your User ID and Password. On the next page, you can access your account information, edit your address book or view your order history.

Can I change the User ID and/or email address on my Starbucks account?

Yes, to update your User ID and/or email address at any time, go to Your Account and sign in with your User ID and Password. On the next page, you can access you account information, edit your user id and/or email address.

How can I remove myself from your email list?

To remove yourself from our email list, go to Your Account and click on “Edit your preferences regarding email.” On the next page, uncheck the appropriate boxes. Or, you can click on the “Unsubscribe” link on the bottom of any Starbucks email to remove yourself from our list.

Can I sign in to Starbucks.ca using the Microsoft® Passport Network?

We’re sorry, but Starbucks.ca no longer accepts Microsoft® Passport Network login credentials. If you’re attempting to sign in to an account you previously accessed via Microsoft® Passport, please contact Starbucks Customer Service at 800-STARBUC and we’ll be happy to help you.

I took a Customer Experience survey, when will I get my My Starbucks Rewards Star?

Thank you for taking the time to provide feedback on your recent store visit. You will receive one (1) Star for your Customer Voice survey submission. It can take up to three (3) days for the Star to appear on your account dashboard or app. Log in to your My Starbucks Rewards™ account to check out all of your Star and reward activity.

What is the Customer Experience survey?

Starbucks is always looking to serve you better, and our Customer Experience survey is one way we are able to do that. If you receive an email with our Customer Experience survey it is because you are a member of My Starbucks Rewards™ and you have recently visited one of our participating stores. While the information you provide about your specific visit is valuable feedback that we can provide to the Store you frequent, your participation is completely voluntary and your feedback will remain anonymous. The survey usually takes around three minutes to complete but goes a long way to help us serve you better.

In order to show our appreciation for the thoughtful feedback you provide we will thank you with one (1) Star loaded right to your My Starbucks Rewards account within three (3) days of the survey completion.

My Starbucks Rewards members are eligible to receive email invitations to participate in a Customer Experience survey every 60 days. Make sure your email address is current and that you have opted in to email in order to qualify for these surveys. If you wish to unsubscribe from this type of communication look for the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email.

I can’t log in to my Starbucks Shopping account. What should I do?

We’ve made some updates to the Starbucks sites. Now you can log in with your Starbucks.ca account to access all of Starbucks services. Don’t have a Starbucks.ca account? Create one now. If you no longer need access to your old information, we suggest creating a new account or signing in with your Starbucks.ca account. If you need access to your previous Starbucks Shopping account info, please give us a call and we’ll be happy to help: 855 271 6217. No information was deleted or permanently removed. Your information is still securely stored.

I signed in with my Store account login but I received an error message that my email address doesn’t have an account, but I know I have an account. What should I do?

We’ve made some updates to make your experience better. Now you can log in with your Starbucks.ca account to access all of Starbucks services. If you need access to your previous Starbucks Shopping account information, give us a call and we’ll be happy to help at 855 271 6217. If you only have a Store account, create a Starbucks.ca account now.

I can’t access my Starbucks Shopping account Information. What should I do?

We’ve made some updates in Starbucks.ca. Now you can log in with your Starbucks.ca account to access all of Starbucks services. If you need access to your previous billing and other account information, give us a call and we’ll be happy to help: 800-Starbuc (800-782-7282). If you only have a Store account create a Starbucks.ca account now.

I can’t access my Starbucks Shopping Billing/Delivery/Order History/Wish List. What should I do?

We’ve made some updates on Starbucks.ca. Now you can log in with your Starbucks.ca account to access all of Starbucks services. If you need access to your previous billing and other account information, give us a call and we’ll be happy to help: 855 271 6217. If you only have a Store account create a Starbucks.ca account now.

My email is being used by another account. How did that happen and what should I do?

There are a number of reasons the email could be in use by another account:

You have multiple accounts with the same email address

The email on your account might be your junk email address

The email address on file is not accurate

Someone may have accidentally created an account with your email address.

What you can do:

If you have multiple accounts with the same email address, please enter a new email address to be used. We require one unique email address per account. If you’d like to merge your accounts, give us a call and we'll be happy to help: 800-Starbuc (800-782-7282).

If your email on file is not accurate, please update it with your current email address.

If you think someone other than yourself created an account with your email address, please give us a call – we’ll be happy to help: 800-Starbuc (800-782-7282).

What are Starbucks policies regarding the use of registered member information?

For a full explanation of our practices and policies related to the collection, use and storage of our online members’ information, please read our Privacy Statement.

Who can leave a comment on a Starbucks.com blog?

We invite anyone with a Starbucks.com account to leave comments on our blogs.

Are there any rules for making comments?

Our blogs are open forums for ideas and discussion. That said, we will not allow profanity or other inappropriate conduct. Posts that are inappropriate will be removed from the site and users that repeatedly post inappropriate conduct will be asked not to post at all. Please do not include personal contact information, such as email addresses or phone numbers, in your comment. Please do not use your comment to solicit business with Starbucks. If you have an idea you’d like to share with Starbucks, we recommend you post it at My Starbucks Idea.

For more specifics on the rules, read our Terms and Conditions. To report an offensive posting, click here.

Can I embed a video or photo in a comment?

No, at this time we do not support video or photo posting in our comments.

Where is the Loveless Cafe located?
The address is 8400 Highway 100, Nashville, TN 37221, a short scenic drive from downtown Nashville. Check out our map & directions page for more information.
What are the hours and days of operation?
We are open daily from 7:00 am - 9:00 pm. We are open until 2:00 pm on Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve, and closed Christmas Day to give our team time to be with their families. The Cafe is closed the second Tuesday in January for annual maintenance.
Is there a wait? What are the best times to visit?
During our busiest periods there can be a bit of a wait, especially for larger groups. In order to minimize your wait time we suggest planning your visit during non-peak times. This typically means a non-holiday, Tuesday –Thursday visit between 7:00 am - 9:00 am or 2:00 pm - 6:00 pm.
Do you take reservations or call-ahead seating?
Please refer to our Reservations page.
What kind of food do you serve?
We are world-famous for our scratch-made southern cooking. From fried chicken to country ham, 22-hour BBQ pulled pork, omelets and amazing desserts, our menu has a little something for everyone.
Do you serve alcohol?
Yes, we have a limited menu of alcoholic beverages. Our most popular selections are our Mason Jar Mary, Strawberry Sipper and Harvest Moon, but we also serve a variety of bottled beers, house wine and additional cocktails.
What is the price range of the food at the Cafe?
Most of our menu options are in the $12 to $20 range. Click here to view the Cafe menu.
Do you cook with peanut oil?
No, we do not cook or fry in peanut oil; we only fry in soy and/or canola oils. We do however have pecans and other nuts in certain menu items. Your server can help you navigate the menu should you have any specific food allergies.
Are there healthy options on your menu?
Yes! We do have quite a few healthier alternatives on our menu. Breakfast options include our homemade granola, fresh fruit and egg whites. For supper, try any of our salads, grilled catfish, smoked turkey, pork loin or some of our leaner side dishes.
How did the Loveless Cafe get its name?
The Loveless Cafe is named for Lon & Annie Loveless who began serving chicken and biscuits out of their front door back in 1951. Learn more about The Loveless Cafe.
Can the Loveless Cafe cater parties or events?
Loveless Events Catering offers full service catering and custom menus on-site in The Barn or The Harpeth Room or off-site around Nashville.
Can I rent the Barn for private or corporate events?
Yes! The Barn hosts a wide range of events from weddings to business meetings, concerts and elegant plated meals. Check out the Loveless Events website for more information.
I’m an event planner. Where can I find rental information?
View the Barn Rental Guide; contact Loveless Events for more information.
Do you have parking? Will I have to pay to park?
We have ample off-street parking, and it’s all free!
​Where can I buy your biscuit mix and other retail items?
You can always shop online at store.lovelesscafe.com to share a taste of the Loveless Cafe with friends and family. You can also find some of our products at other retail locations in Middle Tennessee, but we cannot guarantee inventory at these locations (click here). Of course, our largest selection of southern food and gift items can be found in our shops at the Cafe!
Can I submit a product to your retail team?
Please refer to our Production Submission page.
How can I stay connected with the Loveless Cafe?
Sign up for our emails, like us on Facebook, follow us on Twitter, check out our Pinterest boards, follow us on Instagram, tell us your Loveless Cafe memories with #MyLoveless or send us an email.


How does CUPS work?
How do I get started with CUPS?
All you have to do is download the app and sign in. You’ll see a list/map of all of our locations around you, and can explore. When you’re ready, head to one of those locations, and use our payment plan to buy your coffee right in the app, with a 15% discount on all beverages listed on the in-app menu. You can buy food and tip the barista, too!


How do I pay for CUPS?
Once you have added a card to your account, you will be able to see the prices of all menu items at our locations, and can purchase them as you see fit. We accept all major credit cards, plus Android Pay and Apple Pay.


Okay! I’m ready to buy my first coffee with CUPS! How and where do I use it?
Great! We’re excited! Just find the perfect coffee shop for you on the CUPS map - any CUPS location. Go to the coffee shop and pull up their page on CUPS app. Select the drink you want, drink size, and whether or not you want soy/almond milk (special milk), and add a snack from the EATS menu if you’re hungry. Click “Checkout,” select your tip, and show your phone to the barista. That’s it!


Do I need an internet connection to use CUPS?
Yes. The app will not work unless you have either a WiFi or Cellular connection. Most of our shops have free WiFi for customers, so if you’re having problems connecting to your cell service, you can always ask to connect to their network.


What is CUPS Scout?
We’re so glad you asked! CUPS Scout is your concierge coffee service that can provide answers to all your coffee-related needs. We are available during business hours for you to message us about, well, anything! Go ahead, try it out! Ask us any question you want.

All about my CUPS account
Is there anything I can’t purchase using CUPS?
At this time, extra shots (outside of the double size of espresso) and fancy syrups are not included. Some seasonal and fancier versions of drinks may not be included, but if you see an item that has not been updated in the CUPS menu, please contact us. If possible, we’ll add it.


We are working hard to allow you to get all variations of everything!


Can I see my past CUPS history somewhere?
Yes! You can see all your CUPS caffeine consumption under “History,” from the app’s menu in the top left of the screen.


Do I get a discount for using CUPS?
Yep! You get 15% off of the menu price for any beverage that you buy through CUPS, after taxes.


I just tried to use CUPS and the price was higher than the price on the menu. What’s up with that?
The prices listed in the app’s menu for each coffee shop include tax. If the price is slightly higher than the one on the menu, the shop you’re in most likely doesn’t include taxes in their prices. When you go to the checkout screen, you’ll see the price with your 15% discount reflected.


However, this app is run by humans who occasionally make mistakes when doing data entry. If you see a price that seems off, don’t hesitate to reach out to our customer support team, who will be happy to investigate further.



How do I change the credit card on my account?
Click on the app’s menu on the top left of your screen and click to view your account. On this page you can remove your old credit card in order to add a new one.


Can I tip using CUPS, and how does tipping work?
On the same screen where you select the size and type of coffee you would like, you can select a tip using the circular “Tip” button just above the “Checkout” button.


Coffee shops may opt out of allowing in-app tipping. In this case, the tip button will not appear on the checkout page.


Can I buy food using CUPS?
Yes! When you’re finding a coffee shop, look for the cookie emoji next to the name - this means that you can buy food there with CUPS. On the same screen where you select the size and type of coffee you would like, you can select a tip using the circular “Eats” button just above the “Checkout” button. This will display a menu of food options, which is updated frequently, as most cafes’ food menus change seasonally.


I recently added or updated my payment method, and now I see a small charge from CUPS on my card. Why did you charge me?
This is called an authorization hold, and will not actually be charged to your card. An authorization hold is a way for a company to verify that your payment method is legit, and they are used by many companies to help prevent fraud.


This amount will be voided after a few business days, depending on your bank’s policy. If you have any further questions on this feel free to contact your bank or hit up our Customer Service team.


I just received a charge from CUPS, but I didn’t use the app today. What’s up with that?
There’s typically a delay from when you make a purchase to when we actually charge it, and sometimes we will charge several transactions in aggregate. Generally speaking, any purchase you make with CUPS will be put through within 5-7 days.


I’m super excited, I bought a brand new phone but now CUPS isn’t letting me into my account. What do I do?
No problem! Contact us and we’ll take care of it right away so that you’re not left without any caffeine for the day!


General Questions
Can I buy CUPS for a friend?
YES! Here or head over to the gift option from the app’s menu, pick the CUPS gift you want and we’ll put together an awesome, personalized message to notify your friend about your thoughtful gift. Trust us: it’ll be simple for you and special for your friend :)


How do I know which cafes near me are CUPS partners?
Our interactive map shows all of our coffee shop locations. Wherever you are in your city, all you have to do is open the app and you’ll be able to see where you can get great coffee with CUPS.


If you have the “All Shops” toggle selected at the bottom of the screen, all shops marked with a filled-in blue marker are our partners where you can pay with the app.


Do I have to stick with only one CUPS coffee shop?
No way! That’s the fun of CUPS. You have the option of trying a new cafe every day, drinking all of your CUPS at one location, or anything in between. It’s up to you!


What if I don’t want you to know where I am and my GPS is turned off?
No problem! If your GPS is off, the coffee shop list and the list of your favorite (starred) locations will appear in alphabetical order. It might be less fun, but we understand and respect your privacy! If you ever want the locations to appear in order of distance, just turn your GPS option on!


Why are you not in my neighborhood/city?
We are constantly adding new areas to the CUPS network! If there’s a neighborhood or city you’d like to see on the CUPS app, let us know! If there is a specific coffee shop you would like to see become part of the CUPS network, you can go to “Suggest A Coffee Shop” from the app’s menu and submit it to us that way.


We’re always thinking about where we can expand to next. We love customer suggestions and will be sure to pursue any leads you give us.


Oh no! The app keeps crashing! What do I do?
Sorry you’re having technical issues with the app! Send us an email with the details to let us know, and try closing and re-opening the app. Make sure you have internet connection and if it still doesn’t work, reinstalling the app usually does wonders :)


I own a coffee shop and I want to join the CUPS family.
Great! You can get in contact with us via the “Suggest A Coffee Shop” option from the menu on the left side of the screen. We are always looking for new coffee shops to expand to, and would love to hear from you!


If I’m traveling, can I use CUPS outside of my city?
Yes! You can see the full list of our current cities here, and your account will be accepted at our participating coffee shops in any of them. We're working hard to get CUPS in as many places as possible, so stay tuned as our expansion continues.


I own a business. Do you offer package deals that I can use to get CUPS for my employees?
Yes we do! Shoot an email to team@cupsapp.com, and we can give you some more information.


Can’t find my question here...
No worries! Contact us anytime and ask whatever you want. We’ll do our best to answer your questions quickly and thoroughly.

Given all the competition, is opening a specialty coffee business still viable?
Yes. The demand for specialty coffee is growing every day. Even in the mature coffee markets of Portland, Seattle and San Francisco, opportunity still exists for new coffee businesses. In other parts of the country, there is vast opportunity. Italy, with a population of 60 million, has over 200,000 coffee bars. In comparison, the U.S. has approximately 15,000 coffee bars with a population of 290 million. Do the math!
How do I find good information about opening a coffee business and know it's not a sales pitch to buy products?
Get your information from a reputable company like Bellissimo Coffee InfoGroup. Since 1991, Bellissimo has set the standard for education and training in the specialty coffee industry. We have been in the business longer than any other consulting company, and thousands of coffee business owners have benefited from our experience and created profitable operations. Unlike other coffee industry consultants, Bellissimo does not sell products or equipment - the information you receive from us is unbiased and in your best interest, not ours.
How do I start?
You start by becoming a student of the coffee business. Attend tradeshows and subscribe to industry periodicals. Buy books about opening a specialty coffee business, including Bean Business Basics, Bellissimo's 740-page start-up/operational manual and the most comprehensive book available on the subject. Some choose to start their coffee business education by attending Bellissimo's American Barista & Coffee School, the first and only professional school in the U.S. devoted to coffee business education and hands-on barista training.
The next step is to hire an experienced consulting company like Bellissimo to help you develop your concept and advise you during the start-up phase.
How do I determine the right location for my coffee shop?
Finding a good location generally requires effort, persistence and patience. Probably one of the hardest things for people to realize is that the right location is worth waiting for. Take time to find the right location, even if it takes six months to a year.
Your location considerations will, of course, depend upon your concept. You will need a different type of location for an upscale, sit-down coffee bar than you would for a cart or drive-thru operation. One factor common to all desirable locations, however, is the proximity of a large population of potential coffee drinkers. Your business needs to be in a convenient location for customers - on their way to work in the morning, around the corner from where they work, or in the mall where they shop.
How long does it take from the time I sign my lease to the day I open my doors?
In most cases, from the day you sign your lease and go through the process of designing your coffeehouse, planning your menu, and building out your store, four to six months have passed. Some people want to do it faster, but the process can rarely be completed in less time.
How much does it cost to open a coffee business?
Coffee Cart: Average cost is between $20,000-$25,000.
Kiosk: Depending on the size and your menu, average costs are between $25,000-$75,000.
Drive-Thru: We have heard of entrepreneurs who have opened very small units for less than $35,000. A large drive-thru can cost between $80,000-$200,000.
Sit-Down: Average cost of a 1,200 sq. ft. coffee bar is between $200,000 to $375,000.
I have a unique concept. How do I obtain financing?
Your concept may be unique, but you need to convince lending institution that it can be successful and that you possess the expertise-alone or collectively-to ensure that it will be profitable. The best way to do this is with your business plan.
Bellissimo consultants have written hundreds of business plans that have helped their clients obtain financing and locations. When we write your business plan, we focus on exactly what you are trying to achieve, precisely where you want to go, and exactly how you plan to get there. We detail the many expenses involved in opening your business, the projected sales and monthly expenses of actual operation, and the volume of business you will need to generate to be profitable. It is critical to understand all of financial aspects of your proposed business before approaching a lender.
My roaster has offered to do my barista training. Should I take him up on it?
Probably not. In our opinion, less than 20 percent of coffee roasters and espresso machine dealers have good training programs. You should have an expert train your staff to ensure they understand the fundamentals of beverage preparation and learn to make a consistent drink every time.
Many equipment and coffee companies offer training to entice individuals to select their products over a competitor's, even if their staff is unqualified to teach. Their salesperson may understand all the nuances of proper preparation, but the information is usually passed along to a coffee shop owner in a brief, initial training session. The owner is then left with the responsibility of training their new employees without the benefit of comprehensive training.
How should I train my baristas?
There's more than one way to train a barista, and Bellissimo is the only company that offers a variety of training programs. From on-site training to classes at the American Barista & Coffee School to our award-winning training DVDs, Bellissimo has an option to meet your specific training needs.
Why should I train my employees to pour latte art?
There are many reasons you should insist your baristas learn fancy art pours, often called caffe latte art. The first is marketing. Customers will remember your business if you serve them beautiful cappuccinos presented with flair. Knowing how to pour latte art also assures your baristas are steaming milk properly, a necessary component of the technique. Additionally, having this skill gives baristas a gigantic sense of pride, and makes their job more fun, interesting and challenging.
Because latte art has become an important component in marketing a coffee business, Bellissimo has produced Advanced Barista Training: Extreme Pours, a DVD that teaches sophisticated latte art techniques in addition to the fundamentals of coffee grinding, espresso extraction and milk texturing. Classes on latte art are also taught at the American Barista & Coffee School.
How is the American Barista & Coffee School different from other coffee schools?
The American Barista & Coffee School [ABC's] is the first and only professional school in the U.S. devoted to coffee business education and hands-on barista training. Unlike many other barista training programs and schools, we are not equipment dealers or roasters trying to sell you a certain product. We teach our students on numerous machines, expose them to myriad coffees and allow them to make the choices that are best for their specific business situation. All the training and information you receive at ABC's is unbiased and in your best interest.
How do I compete with the large chain operation that just opened across the street from my café?
Quality products and service are where the small operator can really compete against the chains. First, you can take more care in hiring your employees than the chains. Then, you can put your baristas and other staff through a careful training program instead of the quick cookie-cutter course that many chains use. That will assure they know how to prepare the best drinks.
What big chain executives can't do is interact with customers each day to gain a feeling for the pulse of the community. There is no way they can offer the personal touch that you can as a local owner. This is your biggest competitive edge, so take advantage of it.
I need to breathe life into my existing coffee shop business. How can you help me?
Bellissimo consultants are industry leaders who have owned, operated or managed multi-unit retail coffee businesses. We can assist you in analyzing your current business situation and propose ways to improve your operation's structure, efficiency and profits.
Can I call former Bellissimo clients?
Yes. We respect our client's privacy, so we don't post their names and phone numbers on the Internet. Please call us and we will give you contact information.

Q: How do I keep my coffee fresh?
A: To enjoy the outstanding quality of our coffee at home we offer the following suggestions for maximum freshness:

Purchase whole beans and grind them just before brewing.
Buy beans in weekly quantities.
Keep your coffee in an airtight container or in the Orinoco foil bag and store in a cool, dry place, out of direct sunlight.
Do not refrigerate or freeze. Contrary to popular belief, freezing or refrigerating does not extend shelf life. These means of storage actually expose the coffee to odor contamination and condensation.
Q: What is the best way to brew coffee?
A: To brew the best possible cup of coffee we recommend the following:

Use about two tablespoons of freshly ground coffee per cup. Adjust the amount of coffee to suit your taste.
Always start with fresh cold water. Filtered or bottled water produces the best results.
Brew directly into a thermal carafe or transfer into a thermal carafe once the brew cycle is complete. The quality of brewed coffee resting on a burner deteriorates very quickly.
Now for the best part! Pour the coffee into your favorite cup or mug, take a seat in a comfortable chair with your morning paper, and enjoy this wonderful brew.
Q: How long will it take to receive my order?
A: We roast all coffee to order, so that it is as fresh as possible when you receive it. Orders received by 2:00 pm EST will generally ship within two business days. Orders received after 2:00 pm will not be processed until the following business day.

WHAT IS GELATO?
Gelato is the Italian word for ice-cream, the Italians are well known for producing the worlds leading ice-cream using the finest ingredients with each region of Italy competing against each other to win the coveted award of top Gelato producer. Gelato is made with a base of milk, cream, and sugar, and flavoured with fruit and nut purees and other flavourings. It is generally lower in fat than other styles of ice-cream. Gelato typically contains less air and more flavouring than other kinds of frozen desserts, giving it a density and richness that distinguishes it from other ice-creams.
WHERE DO YOU SOURCE YOUR GELATO FROM?
Our gelato is made by an Italian family that have been making this fine product for over 40 years spanning two family generations.
HOW MANY FLAVOURS OF GELATO DO YOU OFFER?
We have the largest choice of Gelato in the East Riding of Yorkshire, we stock 30 different flavours of Italian gelato made with the finest ingredients.
ARE YOUR WAFFLES FROM BELGIUM?
Yes our Belgian waffles are the real deal. The dough is Liege Belgian waffle dough and is used to make a superior Belgian waffle topped with pearl sugar.
WHERE DO YOU SOURCE YOUR COFFEE FROM?
Our coffee is sourced from the Rainforest Alliance. This means that our farms are strictly audited in accordance with good farming practice procedures and the coffees can be tracked by GPS co-ordinates to the exact location the beans were grown.
DO YOU DO DECAF?
Yes, we offer a decaf alternative of all of our caffeinated drinks. Just ask our team members if you would prefer to skip the caffeine.



How long will my coffee stay fresh?

      Coffee should last two weeks if properly stored.
We recommend storing coffee in an airtight container, in a cool dark place. Keep in mind air, moisture, heat, and light may compromise freshness of coffee.


    Can I store coffee in the refrigerator or freezer?

      Short answer: no.  Coffee must be stored in an airtight container within a cool dark place such as a pantry.  If coffee is stored in a refrigerator or freezer, the temperature change can compromise the integrity of the coffee.  Also, coffee can absorb food flavors and odors in a freezer or refrigerator which will also affect the taste of the coffee.

 How long will my tea stay fresh?

       The tea should last 12 months if properly stored.

    How should I store my tea?

      We suggest storing tea in a sealed airtight container which blocks all light.  Glass jars are not the best option for storing teas because sunlight can damage the leaves.  Like coffee, store tea in a dark cool place as exposure to heat will subtly change the flavor of the tea.

    Why should I set up an online account with Martha Stewart Café?

      There are several benefits when setting up an account with Martha Stewart Café, including receiving notices about special promotions and new products and receiving UPS tracking numbers to track your order.
Your information will not be misused in any way, and will only be used for the purposes of making your experience with Martha Stewart Café more enjoyable and satisfactory.
For more detailed information about our return and exchange policies


    Can I return my order?

      Martha Stewart Café holds itself to a high standard and we want our customers to be happy with our products and services. We will make every effort to make errors right. Unfortunately, because coffee and tea are perishable products they are final sale and non-refundable. If there is a problem with your coffee or tea, please <span style="color:blue;font-weight:bold"><a href="http://www.marthastewartcafe.com/contactus" target="_blank">contact us </a></span> within 1 week of receiving your product. If you would like to return clothing or coffee or tea accessories and/or equipment, complete Terms of Sale


    Do you accept exchanges?

      At this time, we are unable to process exchanges.  If you wish to exchange an item, please contact our offices within 1 week from the day your shipment arrives.  For more detailed information about our return and exchange policies please view our <span style="color:blue;font-weight:bold"><a href="http://www.marthastewartcafe.com/terms-of-sale" target="_blank">Terms of Sale.</a></span>


    How much are the shipping charges?

      Free shipping will be provided for orders of $75 or more.  Standard UPS rates, based on weight and destination, will be applied to orders less than $75.  At the checkout page an option will be available to calculate an estimate of your order’s shipping cost for your convenience.


    How long will it take to process my order?

    Upon receiving your order, it can take up to 2 business days to process, at which time UPS will pick up and ship directly to the address you have provided.

    When can I expect my order to be delivered?

      All shipments are made from the Martha Stewart Café main location in New York City. Shipments are expected to arrive between five to seven (5-7) business days from the day the order has been processed and shipped. If you wish to expedite shipping, place your order by 5pm EST so your package is delivered by the requested date.

    Do you ship internationally?

      Currently, we only ship within the United States.



      1) What are soft drugs?

    The Netherlands Opium Act differentiates between hard drugs and soft drugs. Soft drugs are those which the Dutch government have designated as carrying an acceptable risk. Soft drugs include hash, marihuana, sleep-inducing drugs and sedatives.

    2) What is the tolerance policy with regard to soft drugs in the Netherlands?

    Cannabis is less harmful to a user’s health than hard drugs such as ecstasy and cocaine, but it remains an illegal substance. This means that the trade in as well as the sale, production and possession of this drug is punishable by law. A tolerance policy is active in the Netherlands which means the possession and sale of soft drugs is recognised as a violation of the law, but isn’t prosecuted.

    By tolerating the regulated sale of soft drugs within clearly-defined boundaries and severely punishing the sale of hard drugs, the two markets are separated. The sale of cannabis in coffeeshops is an apt example of this, with the underlying idea being that a cannabis user therefore will not need to buy their soft drugs from an illegally-operating dealer who could easily introduce them to hard drugs.

    3) How old do you have to be to smoke cannabis in the Netherlands?

    A minimum of 18 years old.

    4) Where is it permitted to purchase cannabis?

    The purchase of cannabis is only permitted at locations with a declaration of tolerance (coffeeshops).

    5) Is it permitted to smoke cannabis outside (in public places)?

    Yes. However, smoking cannabis at children’s playgrounds and on the grounds of secondary schools is an offence.

    6) Is it permitted to smoke cannabis in locations other than coffeeshops?

    The most common and accepted place to smoke cannabis is in a coffeeshop. Although it is uncommon, the owner of a pub, bar or café may permit the use of cannabis in their establishment. Those aged 18 and above are permitted to smoke cannabis outside and at home. Smoking cannabis outside (in public places) is only permitted as long as doing so does not create nuisance to others.

    7) What are the effects of the use of cannabis on a user's health?

    Cannabis products (hash and marihuana) are not heavily addictive and have relatively little negative effect on a user’s health. The risk of becoming dependent does clearly increase in cases of long term and frequent use. The following are known effects that (excessive) cannabis use can have on a user’s health:

    - It has been proven that using cannabis reduces reaction times and the ability to concentrate and that it can adversely affect short term memory. Cannabis use can therefore have a negative effect on performance at college, work and while driving. Heavy users absorb information more slowly and have more difficulty effectively completing tasks that require high levels of concentration.

    - Using solely cannabis slightly increases the risk of traffic accidents. Combining cannabis with alcohol increases the risk of accidents substantially.

    - Smoking cannabis releases numerous carcinogenic substances into the body, which are harmful for the user’s lungs. THC (the active chemical compound in cannabis) is not harmful in this way, it is the  by-products released when smoking cannabis that are harmful. Cannabis is also often smoked differently to tobacco: users inhale deeply, breathe in more smoke and keep the smoke in their lungs for longer.

    - Heavy cannabis use during pregnancy can be harmful to the development of the foetus.

    - Cognitive performance can be negatively affected by long term, intensive cannabis use. This will usually improve after cannabis use stops, in a period of between a few days up to several weeks.

    - There is an increasing amount of scientific evidence to support the claim that using cannabis can induce psychotic symptoms, particularly in the case of heavy users and those predisposed to mental health conditions. The risk of such conditions increases in line with the severity of cannabis use. Research into the relationship between cannabis use and the development of other mental health conditions (such as depression) is yet to provide definitive conclusions.

    - The critical toxicity of cannabis is extremely low. The CBC health organisation has not recorded a single fatality resulting directly from using cannabis in the last 20 years.


    1.Do you ship internationally?
     Coffee Shop is pleased to ship to hundreds of countries worldwide.
    If FedEx or DHL delivers to your country, we will usually ship to it.

    2. How do I determine shipping rates?
    Espresso Coffee Shop is doing its best to offer the lowest shipping prices, charging our customers only a part of the real shipping cost. The shipping fees are based on the value of the items and the method of shipment; each country zone has different delivery cost that is clearly indicated in the order form. Should you be entitled to a free shipping offer please check the free shipping option in the shopping cart. For further information on shipping costs click here
    There is no obligation to purchase unless you complete the transaction; so feel free to add things to your shopping cart. If you would like to place a large order, please e-mail us and ask us to quote the shipping. For large orders, we are often able to save considerable sums on shipping costs.

    3. What about warranty and service (in case something goes wrong with the machine)?
    The products sold at Espresso Coffee Shop are covered by a 2 years EU European Union Manufacturer warranty (1 year for rest of the world).
    For more info pls click here

    4. Do you have a return policy if I am not satisfied?
    Espresso Coffee Shop is committed to your complete satisfaction. If any product you purchase from Espresso Coffee Shop does not meet your expectations, you may return it within 30 days without giving any reason for doing so. Returned goods must be in perfect conditions and undamaged. All returns must be professionally packed, using the original packaging materials. Please send an email or fax to the customer service, requesting instructions for the items you would wish to return. Shipping and handling charges are non refundable.



    5. In addition to the cost for the purchase, what would the approximate duty charge be?
    All deliveries within the EU (European Union) are duty free. Import duties for deliveries to all other countries are paid by our customers at delivery. Please contact your local customs office to inquire about the duty rate.
    Herebelow import the duty rate for our main overseas markets:
    - USA 4.33%
    - AUSTRALIA 15%
    - JAPAN 5%
    - HONG KONG FREE
    - SINGAPORE 7%

    6. Will you accept credit cards?
    We accept Visa, Master Card, American Express.You have to fill in the requested form on-line or off line. Your credit card is not charged until your order is shipped. We do not release your credit card information to any outside organizations. The transferring of your credit card information is safely handled by our secure server. You will be charged in Euro, the equivalent in your local currency will be calculated directly by your bank.

    7. What are the shipping options?
    We use Federal Express, TNT or UPS  service to ship our machines.

    8. What is the estimate delivery time?
    We ship out our international orders quickly. If an item is in stock, it will normally be sent out the next day. After that, it depends on the method of delivery you have chosen when you placed your order. For Europe and North America the average delivery time is 2-4 working days, 4-6 days for the rest of the world.

    9. Are the items insured?
    All the items we ship are covered by assurance.

    10. Are the items currently in stock?
    All 220 Volt and most of 110 Volt items are normally in stock for immediate delivery. If not please allow us about 10days to deliver

    11. Can I get a tracking number for my shipment?
    We will e-mail you a tracking number that you can use to track your package through TNT, UPS FedEx. Depending on when the delivery company picks up your package at Espresso Coffee Shop , this tracking number may not be entered into their system until the next business day. That means if your order is shipped late Friday afternoon or on Saturday, they may not scan your package until Monday, and your tracking number may not work until then.


    12. What payments does Espresso Coffee Shop accept for International orders?
    We accept credit cards or bank transfer payments Cash on Delivery ( only for shipping within EU Countries over Euro 300.00 ) and Paypal
    If you live in a low risk country, are placing a small order and we are shipping to the address listed on your credit card then we will usually just charge your credit card. In many other cases, we require payment in advance via wire transfer. Please feel free to place your order. If we require a wire transfer, we’ll contact you immediately. If you live in a high risk country, the easiest and cheapest payment method is via wire transfer.

    13. Do you sell parts for the machines?
    We have available in stock the most requested spare parts like gaskets, pressure gauge filters. All parts can be available on request.

    What are the shipping charges?
  Presently the customer does not have to pay shipping charges for any delivery from CCD.

  Can I return a product if It does not work or received broken?
  Yes you certainly can return a product back to us provided you have taken care that you have not tampered with it or mishandled it. We provide you with a complete guarantee on the product(s) sent by us. The customer may send the product back to CCD in case it is found to be defective, or unworthy of use.

  What payment methods do you offer?
  You may choose to pay via internet banking, debit card and credit card (Visa and Master). All transactions online are made over a secure payment gateway that ensures that your transaction details remain safe and secure and is never compromised at any point of time.

  How long does delivery take?
  Delivery of the product(s) takes about 5-7 working days.

  How can I be assured of the product quality?
  At Cafe Coffee Day's, we take great pride in delivering products that is of a high standard and never compromise on quality. In the unlikely event that something arrives at your doorstep broken, we have a return policy that ensures your satisfaction.

  What is your replacement policy?
  If you find something is missing, damaged, expired or doesn’t belong in your delivered order, please contact us within 3 days of receipt via email or our toll-free phone number, so that we may process any necessary corrections. We are committed to providing customers with a perfect delivery every time.

  What is your refund/return policy?
  There is no refund available for an already purchased product, except in cases where the stocks are unavailable and the customer refuses to accept alternative stock. However, the refund would have to be signed off only by the Merchandise team.
  In case you are not satisfied then please note that we would accept returns of merchandise in unused condition with original packaging. Also, note that for returning the goods you need to courier the item to the below address with proper packaging to avoid any in-transit damage:

  Shipping Address:
  E-Commerce Division,
  Cafe Coffee Day, 23/2 Vittal Mallya Road, Bangalore 560001
  Ph: 080-40012345
  The product has to be couriered only to the above address & can not be returned to any Cafe Coffee Day outlet.


  Kindly share the courier name & docket number after dispatch. Upon successful receipt of the courier & products found unused/undamaged, we would process a complete refund of the order value. Please note that the product should reach us in undamaged, unused & in a sale-able condition otherwise we would not be able to issue a refund. The return courier charges will have to be borne by the sender.


Where is the Little Dog Coffee Shop located?

We’re located smack in the middle of downtown Brunswick, ME.  87 Maine Street, on the corner of Maine and Bank, with plenty of parking in the front and back of the shop.

When are you open?

Glad you asked. We’re a 7-day a week, 363 days a year operation, taking only Thanksgiving and Christmas off to make coffee at home. Our hours are Monday – Saturday, 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m, and Sunday, 7:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Call us even on the worst Maine weather days, as we rarely close due to storms.

Where do you buy your coffee?

We are very proud to buy our beans from Maine’s very own Coffee By Design. Coffee By Design is a certified organic manufacturer that directly sources only sustainably farmed green coffee beans. I have enjoyed the privilege of visiting one of the farms that CBD buys from, La Manita Farm, Costa Rica, and witnessed first-hand that CBD only buys coffee from growers that provide 100% traceability.  I can assure all of our customers that our coffee is grown only where the environment and all those involved in growing and providing our beans are treated with total respect for fairness and sustainability.

Who makes your food?

We do!  With the exception of our gluten-free offerings, we make, bake, and serve our entire menu.  We also buy local whenever we can, such as fresh meat raised and butchered at LP Bisson & Sons Farm and Meat Market, bread from Borealis Bread, and gluten-free bagels, muffins, and sweet treats from Wildflours and Bam Bam gluten free bakeries. See our menu here.

Does the Little Dog have an agenda?

We do: Sit. Stay. Enjoy. That’s it.  We don’t care who you vote for, pray to, or sleep with. We don’t even care if you’re talking on your cell phone while ordering, just as long as we get the gist of what you’d like. Nor do we advocate for any political or religious cause. We support numerous organizations and causes in the greater Brunswick area by donating goods and services throughout the year, but we do not advocate on behalf of any particular group or cause. We limit our bulletin board to non-profit events, music, film, lectures, circuses, etc. And we never allow any person or group to interfere with a customer’s enjoyment of our shop. This is your place and we do all we can to make it a safe, comfortable, and relaxed space for you and your friends.

Do you have free Wi-Fi?

We offer Wi-Fi to all of our customers free of charge. Each customer is provided with our wireless Internet password on his or her receipt. We spend a considerable amount of resources insuring that our wireless is easily accessible and reliable to all of our customers.

How do I get a job there?

We try hard to make this a great place to work, but employees do move on — so we keep a supply of applications right beneath the register. We encourage anyone interested in working with us to stop by and ask for an application. While we may not have an opening right away, that can change any time.

Do you recycle?

Heck yeah we do! We break down and recycle any and everything that can go in our single stream-recycling bin. We also provide free coffee grounds for composting to our customers throughout the spring, summer, and fall. We can’t stand waste and overflowing dumpsters.

Is there really a Little Dog?

There is, indeed — like Jerry West, you could call our Swedish Valhund Otis ‘The Logo.” Otis does exist and looks exactly like the logo on our merchandise, only he’s not a silhouette and his hair is real. He is a shy little pup, though, which is why you may not have had the pleasure of meeting our namesake. If you do notice a German Shepard looking torso scampering around on Corgi legs, you may have gotten a glimpse of the real Little Dog.

Do you sell merchandise?

We sell travel mugs, diner and bistro mugs, t-shirts, hoodies, and hats, all with Otis’s likeness prominently and simply representing our shop. We sell these at the shop, but we can also ship our goods anywhere you like. Visit our online shop to purchase our popular coffee beans, whole or ground to your preference.

Where are you located?

402 S Lafayette Ave in Royal Oak, Michigan.  We are on the Southwest corner on the same intersection as the Royal Oak Music Theater.

So you’re a coffee shop?

Yes, we are open to the public 7 days a a week featuring Gourmet Coffee from Kalamazoo’s Water Street Coffee Roasters, fresh baked goods from Ferndale’s New York Bagel and sandwiches, wraps and salads from Detroit’s Fresh Corner Cafe.  We also feature great hot and cold coffee drinks, hot teas, iced teas, breakfast sandwiches and delicious smoothies.

I thought you were a coworking space?

That too.  We offer space for memberships and business services to start ups and entrepreneurs.  Each membership level includes preferred internet, blocks of hours to reserve our private offices or tables in our coworking corner.  Our higher membership levels even offer a private mailbox to have your mail delivered here and/or advertising opportunities to promote your brand in our store, on our website and on our social media.  Visit our Memberships page to see which option might be right for you.

But you have free Wi-Fi, right?

Yes, we have Wi-Fi and it is free.  Members just get preferred access (it’s faster).

So what’s your layout?

Everything.  The Garage can be reserved for up to 20 people.  Our conference room can seat 6 and our private offices seat 3 each.  We also feature comfortable coaches, chairs, tables and barstools in our cafe.  Oh and we have electrical outlets just about everywhere we could possible shove them.

What if I don’t want to be a member, I just have a really important meeting and need a private office or a conference room?

To book an meeting location you have to become an OCS member but it is FREE. Anyone can purchase blocks of time for the conference room, the offices or tables in the coworking corner.  Just go to our Reservations page to purchase your time and schedule the date you need a space.

What if I don’t want to reserve a space?

Our cafe is open to the public on a first come first serve basis.  Most of our community is pretty friendly.  If someone asks to use an empty seat at a table you’re at…please share.
How can I pay?

We use Stripe (www.stripe.com) for all payments from the customers. Stripe currently offer payments by Visa, MasterCard and American Express - credit cards, debit cards and electron cards.

Where do you deliver?

We deliver everywhere!

How are the orders delivered?

All orders are sent using the international postal network and the final delivery in your country is handled by the local postal service.

What is the delivery time for the orders?

Most products are shipped within two-three working days from the order. The delivery times are:

Europe: 3-5 working days
North America: 5-7 working days
Other countries: 10-15 working days

How much is the cost for shipping?

We ship to anywhere in the world. Shipping cost depends on the destination country, starting from 3,90 € per shipment. You will see the final shipping cost during checkout. Shipping cost is always the same regardless of the amount of products included in the order.

Can I track my order?

Yes you can. Once your order has been shipped, we will send you a delivery confirmation with the tracking code. You can track your order here by entering the tracking code.

Can I order other sizes than the ones on the website?

Unfortunately we can offer only the sizes visible on the shop.

What if I am not happy with my order?

No worries, you have 14 days to return the order if you are not happy with it. You are responsible for paying the postal charges for returning the goods. For customisable products there is no right of return as they are always manufactured separately for each order.

I have a question, how can I contact you?

You can contact Printmotor support by sending an email to support@printmotor.com.

Who operates this webshop?

This shop is operated by the person or organisation whose information you can find at the About section on the top of the page and all the copyright to the designs are owned by them. The shop is running on the Printmotor Stores platform, where Printmotor handles all payments as well as production and delivery of the orders and is the legally responsible seller of the goods.

Do the prices include taxes?

If the order is delivered to a country in the European Union, then the price includes a value added tax of 24 %. If the order is delivered to a country outside of the EU, then the VAT of 24 % is deducted from the final prices in the payment page in the shopping cart. Please note that shipments to countries outside of European Union (EU) may incur local customs fees and/or taxes. Seller is not responsible for these fees.


I have an office, but I want to advertise with you and take advantage of all your foot traffic.

We’ll sell you space on the wall.  See Mike!

I hear you have live music.

We try to.  Know a great local musician that wants to play on a Friday night?  Have them call and ask for Kourtney.

What does “Pay It Forward” mean?

Our goal at OCS is to create a place for where People help People. OCS gives back 5% of each purchase at the counter and we let YOU choose your charity of choice. We started out with 4 charities for our first year but no we rotate them every quarter because so many great charities wanted to participate. If you are a charity and would like to get involved please contact us at info@theofficecoffeeshop.com.
How can I pay?

We use Stripe (www.stripe.com) for all payments from the customers. Stripe currently offer payments by Visa, MasterCard and American Express - credit cards, debit cards and electron cards.

Where do you deliver?

We deliver everywhere!

How are the orders delivered?

All orders are sent using the international postal network and the final delivery in your country is handled by the local postal service.

What is the delivery time for the orders?

Most products are shipped within two-three working days from the order. The delivery times are:

Europe: 3-5 working days
North America: 5-7 working days
Other countries: 10-15 working days

How much is the cost for shipping?

We ship to anywhere in the world. Shipping cost depends on the destination country, starting from 3,90 € per shipment. You will see the final shipping cost during checkout. Shipping cost is always the same regardless of the amount of products included in the order.

Can I track my order?

Yes you can. Once your order has been shipped, we will send you a delivery confirmation with the tracking code. You can track your order here by entering the tracking code.

Can I order other sizes than the ones on the website?

Unfortunately we can offer only the sizes visible on the shop.

What if I am not happy with my order?

No worries, you have 14 days to return the order if you are not happy with it. You are responsible for paying the postal charges for returning the goods. For customisable products there is no right of return as they are always manufactured separately for each order.

I have a question, how can I contact you?

You can contact Printmotor support by sending an email to support@printmotor.com.

Who operates this webshop?

This shop is operated by the person or organisation whose information you can find at the About section on the top of the page and all the copyright to the designs are owned by them. The shop is running on the Printmotor Stores platform, where Printmotor handles all payments as well as production and delivery of the orders and is the legally responsible seller of the goods.

Do the prices include taxes?

If the order is delivered to a country in the European Union, then the price includes a value added tax of 24 %. If the order is delivered to a country outside of the EU, then the VAT of 24 % is deducted from the final prices in the payment page in the shopping cart. Please note that shipments to countries outside of European Union (EU) may incur local customs fees and/or taxes. Seller is not responsible for these fees.


Frequently Asked Questions
What drinks do you offer, other than coffee?
We offer a wide variety of drinks other than espresso. We serve Harney & Sons Teas , Island Oasis Shaved Iced Smoothies, all your favorite soft drinks and more. Please check our MENU Link for a more detailed and updated listing. We also serve an excellent selection of domestics, imports and fine wines.


Are you collecting "Wall Street Memorabilia" for your shop?
We are looking for any contributions in the form of old pictures, souvenirs or novelties that relate to or would be in keeping with the stock market theme.


Do you deliver to the South Side Lofts?
Currently we are able to deliver on Friday and Saturday evenings. We hope to expand our delivery times. Please call 214-565-0383 for all call in orders or current delivery schedule.


Do you offer financial advice?
No, we are here to serve you delicious coffee, fresh pastries, sandwiches, soups, beer, fine wines and other items listed on our MENU link. We do plan to host some events that may focus on an array of financial topics ranging from stocks to annuities, from 401s to bonds and more. Whether you're just starting to build your personal portfolio or "in the business", join us for a cup of the city's best coffee and network with others who share the same interest in their financial security and money matters.


What if I'm not into Stocks or the Market?
You still won't find a better cup of coffee in town! For locals and residents the evenings host a myriad of artistic events. Check our CALENDAR link for details and events Monday through Saturday. Seasonally we may show special sporting events on our 6x10 screen for you so please bookmark our CALENDAR for updates!


Will you have bands or other entertainment?
Yes, please check our CALENDAR link. We host a weekly singer songwriter night on Mondays, an amazing "OPEN MIC NIGHT" every Tuesdays from 7-10 pm(since 2K5!)Beyond Open Mic on Wednesdays and music from local to national acts Thursday through Saturday.


If I have suggestions for your shop or theme would you mind if I contacted you by email?
We'd love to hear from you!


Do you sell breakfast or lunch items or just drinks?
Yes! Check out our MENU link or stop by for lunch breakfast or dinner! We claim to have the BEST CHICKEN SALAD IN DALLAS and folks drive from Frisco for our soups!


Are you doing Speed Dating at Opening Bell Coffee?
Not currently although we have hosted several with www.match.com in the past. We are working on a super fun dating game called SINGLE BELLS so check back soon! While you're waiting pop in to see us! Several have met special others while enjoying themselves at Opening Bell so you never know who you might meet!


Do you tweet?
Yes! Pleae follow our updates! www.twitter.com/openingbell


Are you on facebook?
Yes! www.facebook.com/openingbellcoffee


Do you charge for your Wireless access?
No! Our Wireless is FREE to our valued customers. Just walk in with your laptop or smartphone


What about your Projector?
It's no charge and available for customer use for small meetings or special events. Please select the Contact us form for more information and availability.


I'm a musician, who do I contact about playing there?
Please complete the form on our BOOKING link and you'll receive instructions. PLEASE DO NOT DROP OFF PRESS KITS! Please note that our focus is ORIGINAL music!


Who would I contact about renting a loft in the building?
You can find out everything about this amazing community by visiting www.southsideliving.info or by calling 214-428-4848

Sunday hours, will there be any?

We tried Sunday hours in Milton/Crabapple but there wasn't enough traffic on Sunday to stay open long term. As small business owners, we need at least one full day to be with our families and keep our lives running smoothly-which in turn helps us keep Mugs running smoothly.
Non-dairy milk is pricey-$1.25 per drink, isn't that high?

We use a special barista almond, soy, and coconut milk so we can steam it without weird things happening in the process. Specialty non-dairy milk is 3x the cost of regular milk and the extra $1.00 or so is just covering our costs. We want a solution for the non-dairy customers out there and if/when the price goes down from our supplier we will happily pass that savings on to our customers!
Will you be staying open later?

Alpharetta will remain closing at 4:00pm for the foreseeable future, but Milton is open until 5:30pm daily and those hours may extend on weekends once school starts. Please be patient with us, we have only been open for 2 years and gone through two expansions, so it might take a little longer for us to expand our hours.
01
02
03
Do you have a menu?

Our selections change almost daily, but we always have the staples (blueberry muffins, scones, chocolate chip cookies). The sandwich menu is posted on the website and Facebook. Facebook is the best place to see what we have going on for the day. If you want a special order give us a call and as long as we have a few days we can make whatever you have been craving!

How do you clean a steam espresso maker?
To clean your steam espresso maker, please see the below instructions:

Turn the unit to &quot;OFF&quot; and unplug the power cord from the electrical outlet.
The frothing tube may still be hot, do not touch it with your hands until it has cooled. Remove frothing aid and wipe frothing tube with a damp cloth. Using the wrench built into the measuring spoon, unscrew the frothing aid and clean valve with a needle or toothpick.
The carafe, carafe lid, filter, brew basket and drip tray can be washed with soapy water or placed on the top rack of your dishwasher. CAUTION: Do not immerse appliance in water. Do not remove reservoir cap or brew basket will appliance is under pressure.
After the pressure has been released, remove reservoir cap. Discard the remaining water through the top opening of the water reservoir by turning the appliance upside down over the sink. Always empty the water reservoir between uses. Do not immerse appliance in water. Screw the reservoir cap back in place.
Wipe housing with a soft wet cloth. Do not use abrasive cleaners or scouring pads as they will scratch the finish.

Do not store the filter holder in the brew head. This can adversely affect the seal between the brew head and the filter holder while brewing espresso.

DELIMING

Mineral deposits built-up in the Espresso Maker will affect the operation of the appliance. Your Espresso Maker must be delimed when you begin to notice an increase in the time to brew espresso, or when there is excessive steaming. Also, you may notice a build up of white deposits on the surface of the brew head.

The frequency of cleaning depends upon the harness of the water used. The following table gives the suggested cleaning intervals.

TO DELIME WATER RESERVOIR:

Make sure the unit is off and that the power cord is disconnected from the electrical outlet.
If the appliance is cool and the pressure has been released,  the reservoir cap and pour 8 ounces of fresh, undiluted white household<b><i> </i></b>vinegar into the water reservoir.
Allow appliance to sit overnight with the vinegar solution in the water reservoir.
Discard vinegar through the reservoir of the machine.
 the water reservoir thoroughly with tap water by filling it.

TO DELIME INTERNAL PARTS:

Make sure you delime the inside of the water reservoir first by following the &quot;Deliming&quot; steps above.
Make sure all controls are &quot;OFF,&quot; the power cord is disconnected from the electrical outlet, the appliance is cool and all pressure in the appliance has been released. Fill carafe to the top of the metal band with vinegar and pour into reservoir.
Screw the cap back on top of the water reservoir. Make sure the cap is tight.
Insert the brew basket (with filter) and place the glass carafe with lid on the drip tray.
Plug the power cord into the electrical outlet.
Turn the control knob to the position. When vinegar begins to flow into the carafe, place a cup with cold water under the frothing aid. Insert the frothing tube into the water and slowly turn the control knob to the position. After ten seconds turn the control knob to the &quot;OFF&quot; position. This will clean any residue left in the frothing tube from frothing milk.
Turn the control knob to the position. When all the vinegar has been pumped into the carafe and the flow has stopped, turn the control knob to &quot;OFF&quot; and allow the appliance to cool.
Repeat Steps 1-7 using only tap water to rinse any remaining traces of vinegar out of the machine. Repeat this rinsing process, allowing the machine to cool and pressure to be released before each rinsing.

Suggested cleaning intervals:

Soft Water - Every 80 brew cycles
Hard Water - Every 40 brew cycles

Why isn't espresso coming out when I try to brew a cup?

Make sure the water reservoir is full and properly fitted into its position.
The grounds should not be over-packed into the filter.
Make sure the filter holder fits properly into the holding ring.
You may need to clean the filter basket and the brew head.

Why does the espresso come out cold?
 Try tamping the espresso grounds more firmly. Pre-warm the cup by rinsing it with hot water. You may need to clean your Espresso Maker.
Why doesn't the milk froth properly?
 Make sure you use fresh, cold milk. Skim milk works best for frothing. Use a stainless steel frothing pitcher, and ensure that it is cool before using. Make sure the water reservoir is full. Try moving the frothing pitcher slightly up and down while frothing. The frothing tube needs to be cleaned after every use. First, fill the frothing pitcher with water, and run the steaming feature for twenty seconds. If steaming tube is blocked, use a toothpick to unblock it. Then, steam the water for another 30 seconds.
What can cause espresso to flow through too slowly?
You may have tamped coffee grounds too firmly. If problem persists, try cleaning the appliance.
Why is the espresso running out of the sides or top of the filter holder during brewing?
 Make sure the filter holder fits properly into the holding ring. Try tightening the filter handle a little more. Make sure that the edge of the filter cup is clean from the espresso grounds before you insert it into the brew head. Also ensure that brew head is clean.
Why is my espresso maker not making espresso?
If your espresso maker is not making espresso, below are some causes:

No water in reservoir
Coffee grinds too fine
Too much coffee in the filter
Cap is not secure, causing steam to escape
Appliance not plugged in
Coffee grinds have been tamped/compressed too much
Unit may need to be cleaned

If the above troubleshooting does not work, please contact us via email.
Why does the unit leak from the bottom?
Check if the drip tray is full. The tray collects water that should be discarded after each use.
What may cause my pump espresso maker to be too noisy during operation?
Make sure the water reservoir is full and properly fitted into its position.
What causes water to shoot from the brew basket upon removal?
When you make several servings of espresso consecutively, the pressure develops inside the brew basket. To avoid accidents, be sure to relieve the build-up pressure before you remove the brew basket by turning the unit to "Froth" mode and allowing the steam to exit.

My brewer is not brewing when I am using it for the first time.
If the brewer is cold or frozen, wait for at least two hours for it to reach room temperature before powering it on.
My brewer only brews a partial cup.
The exit needle may be clogged. Refer to the manual (pg. 10) for directions on cleaning.
Clean the Keurig® K-Cup® holder if necessary and rinse under the faucet. Refer to the manual (pg. 10) for directions.
De-scale the brewer. Refer to the manual (pg. 11) for instructions.
My brewer does not have power.
Make sure the power button is pressed and illuminated.
Try plugging the brewer into an independent outlet. Be sure that it is plugged in securely.
If that does not work, try plugging it into a different outlet.
My brewer will not brew.
Check to make sure there is water in the Hot Water Tank.
Why isn't my grinder or burr mill working?
If your coffee grinder or burr mill stops working, please check the following:  Make sure the unit is plugged into a working electric outlet. If it is plugged in and still will not turn, check to see if there are any obstructions around the blade. If there are, unplug the unit and remove the obstruction from the blade before reconnecting it to the power source.  If the above troubleshooting does not work, contact us via email.
Why is my grinder not grinding coffee beans?

Make sure the grinder is plugged into a working 120V electrical outlet.
If the unit is not working, the lid may not have the proper sealing contact with the grinding hopper pin.

Why are coffee grounds left under or in the grinding chamber?
This happens due to condensation caused by steam developed at the end of the grinding cycle. Make sure that the grinding chamber is completely cleaned and dried before using the grinder.
I have a Mr. Coffee® Burr Mill, what does the A, B, C, D and E mean on the dial?
For models BMX3, BMX4, BMX5, and BMX6, there is a Grind Setting Knob to select your preferred coffee grind setting. If you turn the grind setting knob to the right, the grind will be progressively coarser at each point. As you familiarize yourself with the mill, you will discover which settings best suit your coffee-making preferences.  A-B - Fine for Espresso and Cappuccino B-C - Medium for Automatic Drip Coffee Makers D-E - Coarse for Manual and Percolator and Coffee Press  For best results always select the grind setting while the unit is running or when the whole bean hopper is empty.
How do I clean my coffee mill/grinder (Models IDS50, IDS55, IDS57, IDS59)?
Clean your coffee mill before using it for the first time. Then, to ensure optimal mill function and durability, clean it regularly following these simple steps.  Unplug your coffee mill. DO NOT PLACE THIS COFFEE MILL IN WATER. DO NOT IMMERSE THE BLADES OR MOTOR BASE IN WATER. Remove the coffee mill cover and brush. Wash both in warm sudsy water. Rinse and dry each thoroughly. The cover and brush are NOT dishwasher safe. Use the Built-In Cleaning Brush to sweep out excess grounds. Use a clean cloth or paper towel to remove any remaining grounds. Be sure to clean your coffee mill completely after each use. Do not try to oil or sharpen the blades. The blades are permanently lubricated and never need sharpening.
How do I clean my burr mill (Models BMX3, BMX4, BMX5 and BMX6)?
Clean your burr mill before using it for the first time. Then, to ensure optimal mill function and durability, clean it regularly following these simple steps.

Always unplug your burr mill after use and before cleaning.
Open the hopper lid. Empty any whole beans from the hopper. Remove the top burr mill by rotating it clockwise. For better results hold the grind setting button while rotating the burr mill clockwise. This will allow you to clean the grinding wheel and the grinding compartment.
Clean the interior recesses with a soft brush. Note: Never use water or liquid for cleaning the lower grinding section of this appliance. BRUSH NOT INCLUDED.
Wipe the whole bean hopper, its lid and the mill exterior with a damp cloth.
The ground coffee chamber and lid can be washed in mild detergent and water. They both are top rack dishwasher safe. Do not immerse the mill or the whole bean hopper in water or any other liquid or place in dishwasher. Use only non-abrasive cleaners to remove stains.
After completely drying the whole bean hopper and top burr mill, replace the burr mill in position by aligning snaps with receptacle and rotating counterclockwise to lock it in position. For better results, hold the grind setting button while rotating the burr mill counterclockwise. Once the burr mill is in position, pull gently to check it is properly locked in position. If the burr mill comes out, repeat this step again.
Replace the ground coffee chamber and lid, making sure both snap securely into place.
Fill the hopper with whole beans.

How do I clean my burr mill (Models BM1 and BM3)?
Always unplug your burr mill after use and before cleaning.  Turn the whole bean chamber to the right until it can be lifted off the base. This will allow you to clean the grinding wheel. NOTE: Never use water or liquid for cleaning the lower grinding section of this appliance. Clean interior recesses with a soft brush (not provided). Wash the whole bean chamber and lid and the ground coffee chamber and lid in mild detergent and water. These items are only dishwasher safe on the top rack of your dishwasher. Wipe exterior with a damp cloth. Do not immerse mill in water or any other liquid or place in dishwasher. Use only non-abrasive cleaners to remove stains. After completely drying, replace whole bean chamber. Important: when replacing whole bean chamber, screw on completely before setting grinding rate. Turn chamber clockwise (as viewed from top), until it will not turn. Fill with whole coffee beans for grinding and replace lid. Replace ground coffee chamber and lid, making sure it snaps securely into place.

How do I clean my coffeemaker?
Always turn off, unplug and allow the coffeemaker to cool before cleaning.
Remove the filter basket, permanent filter (not included on all models), decanter and decanter lid and wash them in a solution of hot water and mild liquid soap.
Never use abrasive cleansers, steel wool pads or other abrasive materials.
Dishwasher top rack safe parts: glass decanter and lid, filter basket and permanent filter. The water filter disk is not dishwasher safe.
CAUTION! Never immerse the coffeemaker itself in water, in any other liquid or place in the dishwasher.&nbsp; Consult your instruction manual for specific details on cleaning your coffeemaker.
What type of filter can I use for my coffeemaker?
A coffeemaker uses a basket or cone style filter. Below is a list of filter types for your specific coffeemaker cup size.  Basket Filters: (paper or permanent) 4 cup filter - 4 cup coffeemaker 8-12 cup filter - 8, 10 or 12 cup coffeemaker  Cone Filters: (paper or permanent) # 2 cone filter - 4 cup coffeemaker # 4 cone filter - 8, 10 or 12 cup coffeemaker
Why is my coffeemaker leaking from the bottom?
 Make sure the filter is properly in position and that the brew basket is fully closed. If the coffeemaker is equipped with a removable water reservoir ensure that the reservoir is properly installed. Avoid overfilling the water reservoir. The coffeemaker is equipped with an overflow slot near the top of the water reservoir. If too much water is added it will flow out of this slot and collect near the base of the unit. If you have checked all of these items and the coffeemaker is still leaking from the bottom, contact us via email.
Why does my coffeemaker brew slower than it used to?
The unit may require cleaning to remove mineral deposits that build up over time.
What would cause my coffeemaker to overflow?
 If the decanter is removed for more than 30 seconds while the unit is brewing it may cause the coffeemaker to overflow. Make sure the decanter is replaced promptly after removing. The decanter may not have been properly positioned under the brew basket. Be sure the decanter is centered directly under the brew basket. Using too much coffee grounds may cause the coffeemaker to overflow. The filter may have become folded over. Make sure the filter is properly centered in the brew basket. Try wetting the edges to prevent filter collapse. The brew basket may not have been closed completely. Check to make sure the brew basket is fully closed and (on some models) latched. Using coffee that is too finely ground can sometimes result in overflow. Use only coffee that is ground for automatic drip coffeemakers.
Why might my coffee taste bad?
The coffee may taste bad due to the following reasons:  Age of coffee beans affects its taste. Old coffee may taste stale. The coffee will taste the best if you use fresh beans. Quality of coffee beans and type of water you use will have an impact on the coffee taste. The cleanliness of your coffeemaker. Make sure to clean the unit every 40-80 brews.
What can I do about my coffee filter collapsing and causing an overflow?
When using a paper filter, there might be times that the filter will collapse and may cause an overflow. If the filter is collapsing in your coffee brewer, first make sure you are using the correct size and shape filter in the unit.  Basket Filters: (Paper or Permanent) 4 cup filter - 4 cup coffeemaker 8-12 cup filter - 8, 10, or 12 cup coffeemaker  Cone Filters: (Paper or Permanent) # 2 cone filter - 4 cup coffeemaker # 4 cone filter - 8, 10, or 12 cup coffeemaker   If you are using the correct size, try the following:  Wet the sides of the filter before adding the coffee and sticking them to the sides of the filter basket. A permanent filter would also solve this problem.
My coffeemaker's clock works and the light's on, but the unit does not brew.
Please contact the closest Authorized Service Center for repair or replacement.
Why is my coffee cold?

Be sure that the unit is plugged into a working outlet.
When initially setting up the coffeemaker, it is necessary to wait at least 20 minutes to allow the water in the internal tank to reach the ideal brewing temperature.
When brewing consecutive pots of coffee, it is necessary to wait 10 minutes in between to allow the water in the internal tank to reach the ideal brewing temperature.
Be sure that the Warmer Plate Switch has been switched to &quot;ON&quot; (SB11 ONLY ).
Be sure that the Reservoir Power Switch has been switched to &quot;ON&quot;.
IF the above suggestions do NOT resolve your problem, please contact us via email.
&nbsp;


Why isn't my coffeemaker brewing coffee?
 Make sure the coffeemaker is plugged into a working 120V electrical outlet. Make sure the power switch is turned on. Make sure the water reservoir has water in it. The unit may require cleaning to remove mineral deposits that build up over time. If the coffeemaker is equipped with a clock and the clock is working properly but the unit will not brew, please contact the nearest Authorized Service Center.
Why is my tea cloudy?
The scientific reason for the cloudiness of tea is the precipitation of the tannins in the tea that occurs when the tea is cooled. Cloudiness does not affect the flavor of the tea.
Why doesn't my coffee stay warm?
There may be several reasons for coffee not to stay warm:

Some units have an automatic shut-off feature. This is a safety feature that would automatically shut off your coffeemaker after 1-4 hours, depending on the model. Make sure that the unit hasn't been running longer than this time.
The unit may require cleaning to remove mineral deposits that build up over time and cause coffee to brew cooler than normal.
If your unit has a thermal decanter, make sure that it is clean and that the lid is kept closed. The thermal decanter should keep coffee warm for 2 to 4 hours after brewing.
If coffee brews cold, and if the warming plate is not getting warm, your unit may need to be repaired. Please check your warranty information, and follow the procedures for sending the unit to a service center.

Why does my decanter dribble when I pour with it?
 Try pouring the coffee more slowly. Rarely, the spout on glass decanters is misshapen. Contact an Authorized Service Center for replacement.
Why won’t my Café Frappe turn on?
For your safety the appliance will not turn on unless the blending jar is locked into place. The blending jar can be locked into place by aligning the lock icons located on the bottom of the blending jar to those located on the unit.
Why isn't my Café Frappe brewing coffee?
Make sure the appliance is plugged into a working 120V electrical outlet. Make sure the power switch is turned on. Make sure the water reservoir has water in it. For your safety the appliance will not turn on and brew unless the blending jar is locked into place. The blending jar can be locked into place by aligning the lock icons located on the bottom of the blending jar to those located on the unit.
Why is my drink coming out too runny or too thick?
The following items can all affect the consistency of your drink:
(1) Too much or not enough water being poured into the water reservoir prior to brewing.
(2) Recipe book refers to moon shaped ice. If using small crushed ice then decrease the amount used in recipes.
(3) If warm chocolate syrup is being used then it has a thinner consistency than refrigerator stored syrup.
Why is my blender jar leaking?
If your blender jar is leaking, check the following:
(1) Is the sealing ring over the blade?
(2) Is the bottom cap on tight enough?
(3) Is the jar cracked at the bottom?
(4) Is the bottom cap cracked?
(5) Is the sealing ring missing?
(6) Is the sealing ring cracked, broken or rotting?
(7) Does the item being blended exceed jar capacity?
Why has my blender blade begun to rust?
It is not common for a blender blade to rust. They are made of stainless steel, but if left in water too long they may rust. To avoid rust, carefully dry the blade assembly immediately after washing.
Where do I pour the water when I use my Café Frappe?
The water is to be poured in the reservoir located directly behind the brew basket. Water should be filled to the “max fill” line. Please refer to page 5 of the instruction manual for a diagram.
What type of filter can I use for my Café Frappe?
A 4 cup basket filter (paper or permanent) should be used with your Café Frappe.
Should I use espresso grounds or coffee grounds when making frappes?
Our recipes recommend using espresso grounds to closely reflect the tastes of commercially sold frappe beverages. However, it is perfectly acceptable to use coffee grounds and still create a great tasting frappe.
My blender turns on, but why doesn't the blade rotate?
If the blade is not turning, make sure the jar is seated properly on the base of the unit.
What should I do if the coffee in the filter is wet after brewing?
Ensure that the espresso is tamped well before brewing.
How do I remove the filter insert from the porta-filter?
By holding the porta-filter upside down, spin the filter until it falls out into your hand. Please make sure that espresso grounds have been discarded and that the filter has cooled prior to removing the filter insert.
How do I brew into a small or demitasse cup?
Pull out the Cup Height Adjusting Tray from under the Milk Reservoir. The Cup Height Adjusting Tray can also be used to store the filter that is not in use.
How do I assure my Mr. Coffee® Café Barista espresso maker works optimally from the first brew?
Make sure to prime the Mr. Coffee® Café Barista prior to its first use. Please see instruction manual for additional instructions.
How can I tell when my milk reservoir is fully inserted?
First, ensure that you have firmly pushed in the milk reservoir into the unit. If so, the Cappuccino and Latte button lights will begin to pulse. The pulsing means the unit has made contact with the milk reservoir and is preparing itself to use the milk reservoir. When the button lights stop pulsing and remain illuminated, the Cappuccino and Latte functions are ready for use.
After leaving my Mr. Coffee® Café Barista ON and alone for 15 minutes, all of the lights turned off. What do I do?
The Café Barista has an energy-saving sleep mode that will power the unit down after 15 minutes of no use. You can press any button to get it to power back on.
What is the clean cycle and when do I use it?
This function cleans the Frothed Milk Dispensing Tube. The clean cycle should be performed after each use with milk. Review the instruction manual or quick start guide for additional information.
What do the lights on the control panel mean?
<b><u>Button light pulses</u></b> - Unit is heating up - Unit is brewing/frothing/cleaning <b><u>Button Light remains illuminated</u></b> - The specific brew function is ready for use. <b><u>Button light flashes</u></b> - Water Reservoir is empty - Function selected before unit is ready <b><u>Cappuccino and Latte Button lights do not illuminate</u></b> - Milk Reservoir is not fully inserted in unit. Be sure to firmly push in the milk reservoir to fully insert. <b><u>Cup Icon lights illuminate</u></b> - Indicates your brew selection
What do I do if milk splashes outside of my cup?
Make sure the Frothed Milk Dispensing Tube is directed toward the middle of your cup using the Frothing Tube Lever.
My Mr. Coffee® Café Barista is not frothing. What should I do?
-&nbsp;&nbspEnsure the Froth Control Knob is turned to the Cappuccino or Latte setting. -&nbsp;&nbspEnsure there is milk in the milk reservoir. -&nbsp;&nbspEnsure the Frothed Milk Dispensing Tube is cleaned and aimed toward the center of your cup. -&nbsp;&nbspEnsure that the milk reservoir is fully locked into place.
Should I use espresso grounds or coffee grounds when using the Mr. Coffee® Café Barista?
The Mr. Coffee® Café Barista is a pump espresso maker with 15 bars of pressure. It is recommended to use espresso grounds for optimal flavor.
If my unit is running but no coffee is coming out, what should I do?
Please follow the below steps: -&nbsp;&nbsp;Check to make sure that the red plug found at the bottom of the water reservoir is removed. Follow sticker to where plug is located. -&nbsp;&nbsp;Ensure that the unit has been primed prior to first use. Please review the instruction manual. -&nbsp;&nbspEnsure the unit is plugged into a working electrical outlet. -&nbsp;&nbspCheck to ensure there is water in the water reservoir. -&nbsp;&nbspRemove the porta-filter and thoroughly clean the filter to ensure that it is not blocked.
I am not getting enough froth / I am getting too much froth. What do I do?
-&nbsp;&nbspEnsure the Froth Control Knob is turned to the desired setting (Cappuccino or Latte).  NOTE: The Latte setting produces the least amount of froth and the Cappuccino setting produces the most amount of froth. The type of milk that you use can also produce varying amounts of froth. For best results we recommend whole or 2% milk as it will produce the best quality froth with slightly less volume. Soy, almond, or non-fat milk will produce higher volume so use a lower froth setting to avoid cup overflow.
The coffee is too weak / The coffee is too strong. What do I do?
-&nbsp;&nbspMake sure the correct filter is being used with the correct corresponding setting. The single shot (1-cup) filter should be used for small drinks and the double shot (2-cup) filter should be used for large drinks. -&nbsp;&nbspEnsure proper espresso grinds are being used.
I am missing parts for my unit. What do I do?
When unpacking your Mr. Coffee&reg; Caf&eacute; Barista, make sure you check all of the packaging inside of the box. If you are still missing any parts, please contact us via email.
